LOL!!! A LOT of things are calling my name!!!:)
Where's the twitpic? You know you have to get one :)
Thank you, it is working somewhat:) Hopefully by the time I amg etting out of here it willb e gone.
you guys are doing great! :)
WE LOVE YOU GIRL!!! :) You rock x3
listening to Adele as I try to finish that paper....:)  She is really good.  Anyone else listen to her?
Já não falta tudo . 4 seasons para acabar Sg-1 :)
You're gonna run Linux on the poor thing?  :)
I'm about to meditate in a nice warm bath, hoping i don't drown. :)
I would ask him for a free MacBook pro :)
Peter's fixin my car! Yes! :)
jaja nem teszi tönkre a layoutot, ha ráeresztem az adblockot :)
Red velvet :)
i can play ispy :)
Hi MJ, did you get your GDC schedule? Let me know what days work best for you :)
good morning BabyBrother... :)
Teaching voice lessons :)
Hey buddy! Miss you & your Alabama flare ;). I believe that 100%. On that note, do you know how 2 post a song on twitter? :)
sure no problem, my next few tweets to you shall be all the celeb twitters I know of :)
:) We will take lots of pics. :)
Im'a see Ryan in May :)(L)
updating my computer from Vista 32 to 64 bit- that will keep me busy for a while :)
haha...I was like...ummm...is there one of those here? :)  Good luck on the training! Look forward to updates on that!
I'm one of those :) have to take my exam by June.
Figuring out how to use Twitter! Thought for the day.."You can't take it with you, so cultivate the treasures you'll leave behind."  :)
Funny Sports Bloopers :) http://tinyurl.com/c5vkoo
im home from school eating gushers:)
congrats!!; on the mints commercial? :)
ARGH GemBum you LEGENDD!! :)
Honestly, the so called "women's movement" in the past hurt women more than helped....IMO :)
that would be me! :) Have you already applied? I'm heading out to zambia tomorrow but will be in england for 8 days.
Barrichello covered 111 laps today in testing, setting the 3rd fastest time. A brilliant start for Brawn GP :)
I was gonna come with Corey, but I've got a funeral to go with. Have a good time, and say hi to her for me!  :)
all of the bedding finally arrived just in time before the moove :)
Client quote of the day: "You appear to be the only company in the world who has email figured out."  We like to hear that. :)
Underworld 3 - Rise of the lycans -  DVDRip em mãos.... :)
:)
Beautiful day for studying at ucen :)
So the chronic night owl is volunteering for Easter Sunrise this year. You should go too and share my joy: http://tinyurl.com/ar6ubu :)
Is leaving work in 5 minutes :) PPC takes a back seat for today x
I am up to 37 listeners on blip.fm.  :)
it always gets me reved up :)
chin up :)
is about to start writing a blog post :)
really needs to revise and really would love a call about the job :)
Tell me what do u see, when u looking at me wooowwoow, on the mission to be what I am destined to be.. Woowoowowo.. I like this song :)
The help desk making student house calls? Unheard of! It's probably because it's so nice out. :)
Funny Sports Bloopers :) http://tinyurl.com/c5vkoo
i love brushing my teeth :) lol
:D buhahahahahahaahahaaaa &lt;iwantsmeyou:)&gt;
Gracias por la recomendación! Voy a buscarlo! :)
If you reached the heady heights of Inbox 0, Outlook would probably crash, it wouldn't know what to do with those threads :)
Going to Newcastle, Oz. Wiki: "A penal settlement for 20 yrs. Military rule .. harsh, often barbarous .. incorrigibles were sent .." :)
its k. i manage to reask the q to sumone every other month or so myself :)
in der nächsten Bus folge? Vllt hab ich ja auch mal Glück :)
my latest treasury on etsy...
http://tinyurl.com/da3z33
it's all about spring baby!:)
Ohh, gotcha. Haha, I mean you gotta keep those pics safe! :)
Funny Sports Bloopers :) http://tinyurl.com/c5vkoo
I'm eating an espresso brownie with white chocolate frosting on top! And yes, my stomach is happy! Have a great day Marcome! :)
thinks facebook can be funny :) :) :) :)
Tks .  Never go far w/o your paul westerberg :)
Thank you :)
aww, I was at 31 weeks a year ago. Loving the sunshine today. Baby slept 6 hours in her crib last night - landmark event. :)
thanks signing up right now :)
noooo! you, unlike me, are smart. someone sent it to me and like an idiot, i clicked it. virus. bogus! how r u? :)
:)
Planning the Europe trip, leaving April 1st :) Any ideas for Paris, Nice, Dublin, Rome, or Barcelona?
Congratulations! Sounds exciting:)
awe :)
l-ai RT pe @florinavram? :)
glückwunsch! Wirst Dich sicher schon auf Dein neues Baby freuen. :) *Vorfreude ist die schönste Freude*
with twitter's size and community i think it's irrelevant. Twitter just needs the cash :)
Happy I think! I just checked in my head and it's actually kind of sunny, didn't expect that today! :)
getting ready to move :)  SO hapy
More like "pleia2 fail" :)
Seperation of Powers is great point I forgot about. I plan to read
Federalist paper #63 again. :) #tcot
aid of comic relief.Even if its just a hi still get the money:) (sorry for double tweet) thank you for reading this :)
it appeared in the Opera browser like 2 years ago. :)
Did you squee and giggle appropriately?  I understand that's necessary these days. :)   What is it you do for patients again?
I'm sure ABC will have it streaming here soon :) I did like it..
Thought for the day: "You can't take it with you, so cultivate the treasures you'll leave behind!" :)
is ja schön, ist es das blaue Auto oder das schwarze :) Oder stzt Du am Wasser. Schönen Abend Dir Herr Krüger!
Had a lovely gallop through the countryside today..managed to stop..bonus.  Now off to watch, watchmen at the imax :)
thanks! :)
it was amazing. Greg made creation called the salty dog with Dill, Sea Salt and some other choice seasonings. So tasty. :)
 It's nice to see someone else who even knows who Jay Sekelow is! 
I agree with you, takes 1,  2 no 1  :)
Feeling all brainy having scored 935 in my MCP exam.  Think I'll do another one next week :)
congrats :)
Cambodia FTW. And Vietnam....oh, man...I have to live to be 150!! :)
no problem :)
Pero te han hecho caso las enferemeras hoy porque ayer te tenian botao? Well hope you get better soon :)!
very cool...does MC have any tips for saving $$ once you're on your trip (I'm going to China next month) :)
Here's the link... Some photos of me, my travels & passions :))) Melanie www.picturetrail.com/laughteryoga
Surely not all of the ducks are gay? Perhaps at least a few of them are bi? :)
yeah what said! :)
St. Patty's discount http://tinyurl.com/cmk4vp Thank me later :)
why dont you join them, could be fun :)
that's crazy :) left or right?
http://twitpic.com/1z8ha - Heart shaped donuts... fresh from the oven :)
aid of comic relief.Even if its just a hi still get the money:) (sorry for double tweet) thank you for reading this :)
8 wickets in 55 overs is not easy but still possible (chanderpaul and gayle are injured)...209 is also gettable...game on! :)
MTA then :)
Just about feeling back to normal - no more stupid o'clock starts this week :)
Thanks man. I'll pass it along...:)
both! You can target Gender Queer in Oregon, FtM in Ontario, or Women in France. We &lt;3 permutations. :) mark@fetlife.com
I wondered about that . . . Haven't seen many milk coupons.  I get ours @ Aldi.  Noticed it's below $2 most places lately.  :)
That is a FABulous idea :)
This is great! RT 25 ways to improve your health http://bit.ly/R2AH9 :))
listning to diddy. chasing the dream! all day errry day:)
Fondue for dessert :)
Hello A-Girl. :) ?: Is it normal to book an intl flight and have to sign and fax forms back to the booking agent?
listenin 2 music :) ...x
is getting ready for dancing :)
I was referring more to the historical significance of finding what could be Lincoln's last photo. That kind of thing. :)
Skipped 1st period cause i felt like it :)
o teu último Twitt não é Spam? :)
Thank you :)
Almost funny....:)
Having a nice cup of tea :)
well there aren't many nerve endings in an earlobe and it's a thin wire :) I'd feel it if i yanked it out tho, hehe.
Wow. Okay...I just got that. This makes up for your Austenfail yesterday. :)
oooooh, I want some!! Any extras? Lol!:)
Just cloudy it looks like :)  It's no big deal- I don't listen to it that much at work so I can live for a day without it ;)
Åja! Hvor lenge skal du være der? Kanskje vi skal hooke opp en pils på Paddy's? :)
Is laying in bed sickkk :) doctors later
well, that's easy! click here for chicory recipes :) http://tinyurl.com/al3j3q
2 new sets of partyshots are up, Campers! :) http://tinyurl.com/b39kzl I'm off to Canvas 4 dinner w/Eva!
Yes. I won't anymore honey. I love you too  much for that. I can't leave you behind :)
guena canción! :) a los tiempos que no la esucho!
thanks lady!! :)
Nice to connect with you on Twitter, Matthew! You're my favo(u)rite UK copywriter :)
Updated the Labor Council story.  Had a funny comment on it:  "Will this site continue?"  :)
That's funny....and IMHO, much catchier.  :)
Today I told all my friends to create a twitter account and follow u.The least I could do for ur splendid persona!I Love you:)
What kind of tech support??? Maybe I can help. :)
It's a lovely evening. Perfect for a little glass of wine I think :)
juhuuuuuu.... I'm here! :)
Yeah count me in :)
thank you kind sir :)
forgot how good the song homewrecker was :)
Funny Sports Bloopers :) http://tinyurl.com/c5vkoo
@johnmaine: i am x-ray :)
uhu es ar te skatos kas notiek. skjiet ka tomeer nav tik traki :)
Meet Paul Carter Jr.  It is a pleasure to follow everyone here today! :)
Sister tuesday :)
Just incase i dont tell u enough-u mean the world to me! :). This was a text I got this a.m. It made my day. I hope you all have a good day.
I certainly did :)
bueno eso está muy fuera de mis límites... bye bye :)
day off :).... doctor's appointment @ 3....
nici acolo..ca dupa sigur n-ai parte de ei :))
hey good to see you on Twitter - hope you are well and Occupancy is going well :)
work=snore :)
sorry no poo spotted ;)  now in puddle of giggles :)
lol...I had a cat once that actually did like carrots :)
happy birthday emily&lt;3 i hope its great. :)
sounds pretty miserable- have you ever used artificial tears?  They would help a lot :)
Лучше устроить Rado-T Camp :) Главное чтобы хост прилетел
IMA SUE U OVER AUTHOR RIGHTS HAHA LMAO ! :)
RT @Herring1967: Who watches the watchmen? A load of nerdy men if the IMAX lobby is anything to go by. Yes & I was one last Friday :)
I will be, had a shit day with shity people making it worse! :( thanks hun xxxx hows you? we need a photo shoot to chill :) x
welcome to twitter jess!! glad to see ya here:)
i hope so, I normally do liads for CR,last year i didnt do much so want to make it up this year :)
good :)
Great new tune from my little brother :) http://www.directresolutions.co.uk/themost3.mp3
this one ? :) Beth Orton: http://tinyurl.com/bqlh3k
yeah my new i-pod is so cool :)
now i´m just happy &lt;3
I want an iphone. I dont know if its lust or envy. But i dont care. I want it :)
THREESOOOOOOOME!!! GAHH! I'm so excited!! :)
I"m trying snagit. Thanks for recommending. HOpe it works well :)
oh and igor is an awesome film... so is bolt! :) If you havent seen it hahah :P x
Sorry, couldn't fit all of the x86 code in one tweet :)
Hidalgo left to 'take a break' so we have a sub. She's pretty cool. :) Watching Toy Story 2!
مباراة ريالمدريد والليفربول الساعة 11 إلا ربـع ، مباراة قويه جداً :) ...
going to greensboro tonight. :)
oh hahah what 's in a name, het werk zal grotendeels hetzelfde zijn... nou leuk :) zit Dennis er nog?
COUNT ME IN!!!! :)
I love learning! Always glad to know someone who does too :)
:) Ja to participando!!! RT @SonyPicturesBr: THE SPIRIT - Participe da promoção e concorra a brindes exclusivos!!! http://migre.me/70B
@jamerson: That's really really cool. I'm excited for you two. :)

Hi babe,
Have a blessed day @ work!
Love u!:)
- good luck sir :)
Tim the Nitro + Glycerin = Dynamite was totally the goofiest metaphor I have ever heard but it made me laugh :)
weird thing of the day : cannot make a picture of a betting slip - comes out white :)
That's great. I have the Wicked soundtrack in my car..briliiant. I'm good thanks - enjoying the lighter evening :)
Better. :)
That "innovation" came up a couple of years ago on the Opera browser :)
Welcome back to Twitter :)
Maddies in his pocket eating werthers original :) thinking she is  the grandad
Thanks for the RTs! :) @CoachCharrise
 vedi perché io invece sono andato al tuodì ? :)
wow, someone woke up on the wrong side of the bed... best of luck, i'll unfollow you :)
Give me a shout on AIM: justj0000lie with any questions you may have about K12 for your kids :)
going to greensboro tonight. maybe i'll meet some cute guy to have random conversation with :)
The Bike :) Largest poker room, bigger than any Vegas casino. http://www.thebicyclecasino.com/
My own personal Bolt... cool... *hugs* honey! :) x x x
DC media team beats DC council in b-ball :)  http://tinyurl.com/deqvzc
you are awesome! Thanks! I cant wait to go today to get them. Are you doing gay skate wed? I convinced rose to go with me. :)
Well, I'd put Walton on the list. But I can't complain too much. I don't much care for U-M, but I won't hate on your list.   :)
Punk Goes Pop Vol. 2 is effing amazing! :)
o contexto é imposto de renda... :)
oh snap, i feel awesome :)  fankssss&lt;3&lt;3&lt;3
or autosave :) btw, any tips for autosaving in vim ?
Have ordered my Swiss Francs for holiday funtimes next week! Can't wait :)
:)
can't w8 match :), gotta permit to leave school and heading home..
Chalk-up another interview... it went well, I thought :)
Yeah, yeah, I'm used to idiocy and trolling on Slashdot. :)  That's why I barely ever respond anymore.  Not worth it.
Welcome to Twitter! :)
Interesting idea, though teamcity.codebetter.com is dormant most of the time. We need more OSS projects!!! :)
its good to do things for no good reason :) Congrats on the new look
WELCOME new SEMpdx friends :) You're such a gracious audience. #sf09
Well... it's probably because you have a message :) (email or sms)
Thanks Jen!!! :)
Most unfair and silly is a good way to describe the US in general... :) I love Kindle. Try it for iPhone - they sync together!
RT @Suzika: you my friend are amazing! You should be prescribed by doctors when people are sad :) http://kathysidiotshow.com/
 oh yes. :) I'm using that mantra before embarking on my next assgmmt. Will let u know if it works.
http://twitpic.com/1z57v - Loool... That's cute :)
The day is going well so far.  Happy Wednesday morning to you :).....Still Tuesday here...
that sounds like a PERFECT plan. I can live with you and Brenton when you get married :)
wooooo birthday :)
I need someone to take me on a long walk too.   Preferably with coffee.  :)
I still can't figure out why I had two profiles! It's been rectified. I'm now the twit formerly known as a_half_dozen_eggs. :)
I hope everything goes as planned Trippy!! I'm rooting for ya!! :)
хеј не ви реков, фала за честитките :) :) :)
warmer weather is coming!  Its inevitable! :)
I'm about to go to Bluewater with daddy and co.  But first, Billy Idol.  Teddy is looking a lot better now :) He's all purrrrrrrrrrr-y &lt;3
also worth looking at the diagram in context of Skittles post:  http://bit.ly/kQZ19 (in case you didn't see it) :)
знали бы вы какой наступил спрос на шапочки для бассейна в нашем городишке, после открытия этого самого бассейна :)
Um...you can honestly use the GPS anytime you want.  Or at least when I'm not using it!  :)
listening to the great Mykal Rose (http://tinyurl.com/bwy4mc album 'The Taxi Sessions'. Sly & Robbie rule!!! :)
yeah, I'm not sure my hubby thinks the inside cat thing is as funny as you do.  :)
yeah, but now its fair, ed said that there was obvious cheating, so its now between the two honest, nice, fair, good people :)
 I licked a DJ's ear for DMB concert tickets...see you in September!! :)
is listening to one night only, not listened to them in a whiiiiiiiiile. mmm :)
is excited that she can finally talk about the Signature 09/10 season next week.  :)
Ой, а Бобук проездом из Мск как в Киев попадал? :)
efharisto! :)
ありがとう！ ともだちを仰る下さい。:)
speechless and in awe... you are truly a Renaissance man :)
Well I smell a nap coming on... Get them settled and shut those peepers. :)
Writing. :)
Justin, that you for the good business :)
Merci pour ce délicieux timesheet :)
The 24-70 f2.8 and then the 35 f1.4. That's my 50 cents...:))
i like this :)
*an hour away from lunch... will shut up about the donuts!* :)
just emailed Melanie :)
going to pick my sis up @ lunch time! :)  I love her
Itchy feet :) I enjoy the travelling - first time i've had a scooter trip for a while. I'm visiting parents in Nottm today
they sure are cute though! :)
Прототип iPhone - это прикольно http://tinyurl.com/atdtyx :)
haha dank je wel voor alle tips joh :) die pastasalade klinkt ook erg verleidelijk...
claro. e os miúdos com pais que percebem alguma coisa, melhor. :)
Thanks for all of the updates:) Can't wait to watch Idol:)
Man behöver inte fatta, bara göra. :)
Pussycat Dolls - Bottle Pop,,,,, love that song, the never made a bad song :)
@beccaecca: Goal for my life! Find ANY hat that i can pull off. Lol. Get a bright orange one :)
That would be me. Guilt. :) Constant Guilt, even as a WAHM. But don't most mothers feel some degree of guilt in mothering?
Ok, mas eu conduzo a carreta, que tu atrais multa....:)
I'm andy_matuschak on Yelp. I should probably start reviewing more... :)
Working on an animation for Lee's presentation at Mix. He is happy with it, so I am happy with it. :)
just finished my hormone balancing lunch and off for another block of client sessions - off to balance some hoohaa's :)
There's always next week.  I'm sure there will be another piece of mystery dessert in the break room then.  :)
Dude get better already!
Seriously, I hope you feel better soon. :)
No computador do LabGrad, vendo as noticias do mundo e esperando a aula de Programação I começar :)
ainda não elogiei porque tive aula e peguei só os últimos 10 minutos, mas depois assisto e pode esperar por um recado! :)
FTW was a term commonly used by social rebels, anarchists and anti-authoritarian types to express frustration with modern society. Odd. :)
Math assignment pg333 lol :)
And, I haven't found a way to get the Roomba to clean my bathroom counters or toilets...  :)
 I'm doing good. It's such a beautiful day today. Typefaces are good :) can't wait to release it as freebies!!
Finished first chapter. Go to the bed :)
you got throughh!!?!?! wooopp!! :D lol you should see the i sent to the fake shanes :) &lt;3
Positive thinking, hard working, hard tweeting, good and gentle guy, ISFJ :) I've already found so many great peeps here, thanks!!
Thanks for the intvw! Hope I didn't talk your ear off - one hour can go by super fast! Def email me if you have add'l ?'s. :)
Researching a "special wireless router" for my aircard. Um, okay. Thanks :)-
starting early I take it :)
You are up early. :)
try using a different player before watching the first half again :)
Fashizzlingtonessest :)
 It did get your attention didn't it? :)
wouldn't it be a kick if Lyle was 'Rebel'? .. just a guess btw :)
nu e promivare de brand. :p e succes online si el e designer :)
I want a puppy!!! He sounds lovely :)
LOL ! I just got re-hooked to that song today :) hence the alisha fixation..
Hmmm what about some nice online / offline active game :) #bggd11
You can have any of mine at Oops. :)
biked to work again :)  Still fat :(
Now, when the book is published I may be calling on you to lend a hand w/ some much needed PR! :)
I heard that. And I didn't lie. :)
Apuesto otra vez por enfermedad autoinmune :)
I love ELMO :) - http://is.gd/mJUs
epic win http://tinyurl.com/datcxz own design :)
point well taken. the DVWP is pretty powerful in what you're able to do with web services to draw information out :)
Have just had my hair cut, can't wait for yma6 on friday and also the summer :)
You had me at AC :)
that they did! :)
Happ Birthday, Shannon :) Keep on drumming your heart&soul outta your body :) Love you so much, gimme more! Love, Kristy
Techers are stupid and I come to school prepared :)!
Mon "Ggggrrrrr" était mon 2000 ème twitt, et il était pour toi :)
I have that same problem at my keyboard!  :)  One is a black Manx and the other a black, tan and white tortoiseshell.
Is back in LA :)
Off to lunch at Shroomies :) :)
- Where's your logo? :)
Organic cuke/celery/lemon/ginger/green apple/pineapple juice- mmmm... and only took me 20 minutes inc'ing clean up :)
ahh, so we were very close then..stayed in Aberdeen the night before heading north..you are right, beautiful country there:)!!
Mother: THANKYOU AMEEEEEEEEEEEE! :)
You're always working! :)
hah! i bloody wish. what a dirty girl! still on there with a twig attatched now. pesky furball!! your day sounds very nice :)
HI!  Just wanted to let you know I'm following because suggested it:)
este in timpul saptamanii si din nefericire nu pot veni, daca era sa castig titlul de cel mai sexy blogger era o treaba :))
grammar error :)  subheading on your blog says Raghavs' blog - mais cher, il y a seulement un Raghav ... should be "Raghav's"
touche :)
Hello fellow Twitter'ers. I'm in computer class right now &gt;:) TWITTER IS THE ONLY FUN WEBSITE THAT'S NOT BLOCKED! Gtg, the teacher's coming!
I agree with - downtown cupcakes and cookies for us!!  :)  and could you make sure to bring decaf?
Honestly, you should do a blog contest.  :)  I bet a lot of people would enter!
That sounds really good. I'd volunteer to try out several of them to be sure. :)
Haha :) Only Michael Phelps is amazing enough to twitter me :)
Probably to keep their sales staff from getting too distracted :)
No relation to QueenCleopatra. Guess she's a fellow boriqua, though.  :)
ugh, it's worth a try, but ive got an SYP hustings speech to write for Thursday, so will see if m in a writing mood tomoro!:)
You are very welcome :)
That sounds delicious!!! Will you make me one?? :)
Welcome to Twitter! :)
joehoe, zie skype  :)
hahaaha.... jag fattar hur du tänker :)
i can not reveal such a spoiler on twitter sorry :)
Interesting. What would such a game encompass? Dual brushing, speed shoveling, golden horseshoeing, etc.? :)
wow! a guelph girl in the top tweeters in canada :) love it, i went to the U of G and miss aggie town.
Tab Kit :)
beautiful day in Halifax!  the sun is back and the birds are singing :)
Did someone say feisty? :)
but tell us how you really feel about the job!  :)
fight back. i know you have more muscle than an office. :)
Enjoy the Eternal City! Supposed to be warm there all week :)
No surprise, but your existing reviews are awesome! Thx for making me want to get to Cali even MORE than I already do! :)
whatever you say! LOL :)
I'm running on 3 hrs of sleep, a diet coke, and a piece of eclipse gum. But it was worth it. :)
si. un poco ocioso, eso fue un update por sms. no tiene mucho sentido si lo puedo hacer por data... :) igual, bueno saber
haha Thanks. You, too! :)
Sounds good to me! Have a nice run :)
pró-ana, bee? :)
@Cbowns. Aren't you proud of me:) you really can teach old dogs new tricks!
amo enviar cartõezinhos do vlad pros amigos  :))))  http://www.vladstudio.com/pt/cards/
aid of comic relief.Even if its just a hi still get the money:) (sorry for double tweet) thank you for reading this :)
Insomnia, anxiety and energy drinks? You sound just like me :)
O zebru si rozmlátíš auto, o dav negrů ne :)
LMAO your not dull at all we love you Claudia :)
Just talked to Harris for the first time in forever. :)
third deleted scene is OMG! :)
No, but wow, can I relate to that desire....  :)
we've already discussed my love for cheap whiskey. :)
oh hello there! welcome to twitter :)
tu sabato hai da fare con me :) sappilo già da adesso
H & L down for naps, still in process of falling asleep. C playing on computer. I'm going to relax on couch and finish my manicure. :)
Is not happy to find that the photos she waited 2 days to be printed weren't even that good. Birthday tomorrow :)
off to the British Library for the Mothers of Invention event. Laters :)
is just chillin...no longer tryin to get the sis back for all the updates :)
congrats girly :) does happy dance
goin crazy to stay awake:)
this one ? :) Milestone: http://tinyurl.com/asmhhk
Thank you for the Spanish lessons!:)
Im doing hardly nothing I wanna go to school!!!! But the doctor says I cant until Wednsday!!!  YAY 2morrow!!! :)
I have a new found love for peas.  Green Giant Sweetlets are sooo tasty! :)
plus ca fac si mult cardio, care se poate face zilnic fara stres.dar cand imi face pe grupe at o sa am pe sapt.:)si nu ma opresc:P
thanks mark! happy tweets:)
Emergency Starbucks stop! :)
I think we'll find we've more in common than just that. But it's a good start :)
I'LL GIVE YOU A LUCK DRAGON :)
I know! I can't wait! :)
Beautiful, thanks for sharing. :)
You are one lucky girl :)
I finally finish chapter one of DW-multiraid.now I can sleep peacefully :)
Going on messengers and in the mood for spoiling :) YIM:misskessasays, AIM:TheOnlyKessa MSN:misskessa@hotmail.com ICQ:454268168
tonight: grass-fed ribeye seared in merlot with organic, french-cut green beans and, oh i dunno, more wine :)
Thanks for the shout out, Leigh! :) (http://tinyurl.com/bxh7wf)
Ash here, round about 2002 :)
Ah! :)
Den se bazei mesa? Ta parapona sou ston :)
Now why would I tell you....I can say it is legit though!  Just reply with the info that is requested! :)
thinking about how much i looooooooooooove toronto :)
however, no one can take the place of my darren. me thinks i'll have his babies. :)
Yes but i have given up crisps for lent ! :)
 i?(?6???t?$????(!???ty B?? y?/??dP?M.?Att%? ???vz]????9]?.?Ai??^??A?2?}w?? qx????:)$????9(|~??u8?=/?A2?$$.??r"))v????(DG?A?p?*??
haha wow, yeahh that would be great :)
:)
Hahaha wow. I made a lot of my Denton friends jealous with my choice of food stuffs. :)
July m'dear :)
good point, Tony.  :)
do it at 3:11 and you'll really have something there! :)
lunch was good :) i think everyone is feeling a little springy today
here ya go a random tweet from scotland :) hello...
Not good when the Barista has a broken hand :) http://twitpic.com/1zcwb
Time to test out Scala - Tuesday is great for getting away from home, programming and drinking Ale from HaandBryggeriet with javaBin :)
Mmmm.... Starbucks Chai Truffles!  Thanks, Walgreens!!  :)
Hi you all! Nice to be able to take a short break today and be able to be on Twitter!  Hope everyone is doing well. :)
aid of comic relief.Even if its just a hi still get the money:) (sorry for double tweet) thank you for reading this :)
ach heute schon? schade, hätte ich es eher gewusst, hätte ich 'ne freundin hingeschickt.:)
and btw hot black coffe is one drink that can make u conscious  while u high..  ..*at least it worked for me :)
:)
Haha, that's why you need to make it to ALL the class meetings...when you don't you get vote in for stuff! CONGRATS, Ms. Prez! :)
is having corned beef hash for tea :) yummy...
Could be. I smile when polls come out & either my conservative or liberal friends will campaign to swing the vote. :)
jeah schon 1814 dateien gecleant :) antivir rocks
having an amazing Cabernet celebrating the fact I still got 2 arms :)
confirmation practice tonight!! has to miss dance though :(
xoxo erin :)
Loving the weather right now! :)
WOW great show and TY all for tuning in :)
Yooo! yo quiero verlo :)
First engagement pics of the season! Waiting for the couple now. :)
Tervetuloa Twitteriin suomalaiset ystävät :)
yeah, just checked in.... here we go :)
saw Steve the pigeon this morning, having a pigeon partyyy in the tree :)
| Yeah! (No, "e" in "wintry," though :)
Sorry for the late reply, but have you tried Skyscanner.net? Think it covers that route, but don't quote me on it :)
Please welcome my friends  to Twitter!  Cool guys and a great band :)
ai tás? tens medo de sair a voar pela janela? :)
sexy tattoo :) well maybe
ايه الحمد لله لقيت الملف في 4shared. وافتكيت من ذلة Rapidshare :)
I'm with your Mother on how easy it is to set fire to menus. Done it on many occassions. :)
ia-ti gandul de la decolteu. e mai inalta cu un cap ca tine. :))
aha i just watched paul o grady and it was well funny :)
Lol :))) re: http://ff.im/1r8Tx
I'm on vacation myself:)
well... it's turning out to be a Guided By Voices kind of day... "I am a scientist..." :)
yay! Have shiny new visa to stay in mx. :) on the way to la paz now to reg car for the move to puerto vallarta :D
Is it counter productive to slip on ice AFTER leaving the gym?!  No injury...but geez.  :)  My wimpy LA feet are not prepared for snow!
(background music... Temptations) laying on the breakroom floor, jacket rolled to a pillow, eating hot cheetos... (I wish it would rain) :)
 :)
oh well... if we have leftovers, we'll bring them :))))
watching IT :)
so, how's everybody doing? more tweets please :)
Had problems myself...not bad...day almost done at work here. :)
Tack darling :) Kom hem så att jag får supa ner dig med vettja!
thank you darling I am looking now :)
not so yummy, think im gunna hurl......blaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah :)
...looking like an all day effort :)
I'm not sure why it's doing that. I suspect it's Twitter's API, which has been patchy lately, but not certain. You're welcome :)
Delicious rather :)
ce se intampla weekendul asta la iasi asa istoric:))) it's not like i'm visiting :)))
Not much I haven't read there :)
Revie told me she had a present for me and then pulled out a Leo Lionni book and said, "Here you go.  Read to me?" :)
Thanks! :)
Ah ba voilà j'ai mes SIRET et SIREN :)
ugh i hate when that happens! if you go out today, that means you'll have the lunch you brought tomorrow :)
How was college Mr? Was it a good day? Worth missing the bus to get some breakfast? :)
bowl a strike for me! :)
wicked mate. see u on the plane :) good luck with the purchases...
Sure thing. I'll DM you my direct number. :)
someone should send the president a slew of cleaning products to fight in home allergens:)
I just added your blog link to our class blog's list of links.  Please let me know if you receive any comments.  :)
tp://www.bombombombomwooooo.com/ 
Just kidding :)
RT @russellsprout: @dmgkebab-You Can! Speech Recognition, in Control Panel...Hot diggity dawg! I did not know that! I'm gonna try it out! :)
its better than the other one :) and thank you for approving of my music
feels good to be back home, getting things done :)
*yawns* super tired..slept at 6am ytd..gonna turn in..blog tmr:)
Reminder:  We're just about a month away from the income tax filing deadline   -  I'm just saying   :)  http://TruboTaxAdvisor.com
ahh purple pants :) &lt;3
aww hope you have a good day!! :)
just woke up.... gonna start my "Spring cleaning" today :).... garage first!
Må venne meg til å ikke lenger bruke pin-kode med @ryghsms. Uvant, men veldig positivt. :)
Just tracked package, been delivered! Can't wait to get my hands on my new crackberry! :)
RT @bbcldn: Big rise in London cannabis 'factories' http://tinyurl.com/bcpbnw MORE PLEASE :)
loves only having 2 classes today :)
I just luv google webmaster tools :)
filming my music video tonight :)
whatever it was, it's fixed now. :)
hmm jus got home from the dr about my knee.... not good news its FUCKD UP :) &lt;damn&gt;
Is looking forward to seeing Oliver, cuddles and ice cream is what I need :)
dr.oetker ... de beste! :)
Sure does. Thanks hon. :)
so, im thinking we need to party as soon as i move down to ATL now that i know that y'all dont live to far :), love yall :)
just tell the flipfactory folks  they can replace their fancy digi media workflow with a usb flip cam, youtube and applescript :)
Mandandote invitación riai naw! :)
I know! it was great! I &lt;3 my bed! :) What's going on with you?
Had an awesome guitar jam. Such a rad relax. :)
ta :)
It'd be cool if you can get the brain scan image at the front entrance of Imperial for your background. :)
I just started using it at home last night - still exploring the capabilities. :)
*ping* :)
:)
You and I both said ice fishing about 5 seconds apart... I'll give you a follow :) #fuckitlist
Mmmmmm...coffee. It's been a good morning. A hamburger should be a breakfast food :)
hellur.. good morning! yaaayyy new lizzy lezzy episode haha i'm on my way  :)
project 2 of the evening shift, here we go again... oh friday is looking so sweet... :)
Loved your episode, great stoy, the end of the episode brought goosebumps. Great work! :)
@kevinpollak: You are welcome. SINCERELY. :)
Temp gov't job.  Time is something I wish I had more of. :) Been tired lately, but otherwise ok.
no offence meant little furry dude :)
fertig mit U-Vorbereitungen. Der Abend kann kommen :)
Jūtu, ka vajag tā nopietni pievērsties alus brūvēšanai un speķa pīrāgu cepšanai- tā teikt, tradīciju turpināšanai:)
Congrats are in order for the new mom, methinks. :)
hello sir :)
RT @manxmidge: RT @bbcldn: Big rise in London cannabis 'factories' http://tinyurl.com/bcpbnw MORE PLEASE :)
well i guess so:)
Counting down the hours at work! Here i come 3 day Holiday :)
you know he probably wants you to touch him, right? lol- if he didn't he probably wouldn't be there :)
The only warm place at work is the bathroom. I'm going to hang out here all day :)
I'm sick of Pres. O., sick of public schools indoctrinating our kids. Glad good parents are home-schooling.  :)
Wow! Two freshmen have come over to ask for help with their perspective drawings. It's a TA record for the semester! And it's fun to help :)
http://twitpic.com/1zd2m - beach set up :)
I heard it doesn't matter :)
Just moved in a dope apt midtown :) swimming pool and everything! ;) love it here!
@atarrant, not in the office today - chocolates are safe in their secret place :)
u rock :) we totally need another mtg.  No auditors, please...
Anybody wants to follow I will follow back; anybody w/ camping questions ask me:)
scrapping while zachary naps... :)
Whats lalaland? I call bedtime lalaland ! :)
note: the longest bull ride of the night wins Hosting for life from (mt) Media Temple :)
hahaha In fact, it's a very used word by bloggers :)
my dog got her stitches out today :)
bahahahhhaha just kiddinn :)
So what was the last toy *YOU* purchased? It's our toy question of the day :)
Would like a Windows Azure token please :)
http://twitpic.com/1wlqe - Great actor!!! Love Heroes :)
is no longer hungry.  Lunch was very nice :)
The nice thing is- next year you can give up LOL cats for Lent :)
lol, love it. I guess you get to play Textropolis right from the start again :)
bem saudável né :)
Haha my &lt;iwantsmeyou:)&gt;
congratulations on the successful server change :)
Morning all :)
For those of you contemplating bringing me a hot beverage (ahem and @LeahVos) never mind - I got my own! :) Ahhhhh.....
I was thinking of idiot or poker :)
vezi ca iar scrisesi aiurea "ghnionisti" :)))))
Virginia Beach to see the family, nowhere exciting :)
Have fun guys i'm going to see it on Thursday with Gemma xx :)
I wish... we would have a Starbucks Coffee in Finland :))
I'm so glad I don't have to work at the restaurant tonight. Whew. So happy to get more time in studio. :)
upgraded my PC to Office 14 :)
Thanks, Martin! :)
when i mute the morons in game, this should carry over to the lobby :) #MW2
Very nice list of how to promote using wikis. :)  Would highlight using talk pages more to make sure edits are good.
خوندیش؟ :)))))
managed to jailbreak ipod touch!! so happy:)
@beachlove10: you better not get too comfortablee bcuz you are needed back heree :)
what was the original option? inquiring minds wanna know. :) ... and thanks for your tweet.
true lol :)
Não. Estou aprendendo russo. As outras línguas eu peço para alguém dos países traduzir e gravar a letra declamada, aí eu musico :)
gracias por el dato! en un rato lo pruebo, por ahora estoy zafando con vlc :)
snow again?? :)
Back at subway...lmao. Eating a cookie :)
ich bin nun doch schon in rumeln, da mein papa gleich schon zu hause ist. aber gleich ersma essen und so. :)
мне кажется, у нас на них наценка 150% :)
Got back from Maths trip. Wasnt too bad. Had to be a spy or summit. long story. Now tym for TV :) x
I tried tellinghim you have to have a baseline for comparison but he wasn't buying :)
Breakfast: 3 slices bacon, 1/2 slice Ezekiel Toast w/ CC.  I'm making homemade banana bread...but I'm giving away most of it!!  (I hope) :)
out $SSO 16.08 +0.01 :)
Disney named the new ships! :):):)
I'm being a bit of a cynic but yeah  I wouldn't call it ebay like:)
RT @knowinsky: Great job to @expcols! The Annual mtg was really interesting and fun.  and thanks for the COSI shout outs.  :)
:)
Ha oui suis je bête, faut mettre #Hadopi :) Réseau des pirates, pour qui, pourquoi : http://tinyurl.com/aaa5mp
foi o q publiquei no meu blog, de Photoshop, hj :)
bit of a boring day at college, wrists are killing tomuch typing, back to my 5 days off now thou :)
LOL I was born 3 months premature and I kick ass :)
mike south does bukkake flicks in ATL and pays good $$$ :)
preparing for HANDS program this p.m.---lots of babies and new parents :))
the gestures on the trackpad are addictive, I am surprised you didn't switch to the new MBP :)
We only looked forward to it for 3mo. & I only took a day off work to go! idiot! But congrats on getting all famous! :)
hmmm common ground :)  I wonder how many are for the #'s and how many are for common ground. so far CG 2 and #'s 0
Shipped a custom order this morning!  Always fun to send handmade things on their way to a new owner! :)
Aw, Stacie had her baby this morning :)
Just updated http://KnittingGuru.com . BurryBabies.com is offline while I work on that site too. Whew! I'm exhausted & need a cup of tea :)
you put me on follow friday, remember? FWIW, I like gays :)
Nah. I think most clients don't pick up on it unless they've researched TONS of photogs. I mostly just get compliments:)
Aw hun, I'd give you a hug if I could. Oh, and lots of yummie cookies to make you feel better :).
never done that, actually. :) that's a wineglass.
At the campus fields with friends playing guitar at sunset :) so nice!
drank a whole two pints of milk and laughed at friends even though i've seen it a bajillion times... this day is on the up :)
KISSES! :) Deep down inside I'm proud of you bc I didn't give anything up but I have to give you crap! HAHA!
RT Haciendo tarea y en HL, compartiendo mis penas con los otros que empezaron las clases :) me pongo feliz cua.. http://tinyurl.com/cnsh9p
you're welcome!  now you need to plan your next special! :)
Well, thank you very much. :) I hope you're taking Old Town pictures, too. :)
thanks for the sites... I'm already looking. :)
Thanks! :)
@onlycuzimbored: erin you gotta wish dave a happy birthday :)
is listening a song from oasis, wonderwall. :)) [phplurk.com] http://plurk.com/p/j03uz
ba nu mai zi ca e soramea ca o mai crede lumea :))))))
regarding that friend chicken comment - it must be his upper lip:)
AH, had the artist wrong but I was right about the song. And I stick to what I said: It's a good song! :)
Great! I'm always up for a good cause. :)
-31 this am..brr!  I get to curl up in my bed with my lappie & a good novel and enjoy it :) I guess my medical condition has some positives!
eh ik weet het allemaal nog net zo niet hoor met dat tetteren/twitteren . . .snap er weinig van :) Tot morgen !!
http://twitpic.com/1zd92 - Just checking out the new twitter features--&gt; integrated twitter search bar in the navigation... love it :)
Hey sweets! :)
I've just had a lovely salad that you would have enjoyed :)
that is *awesome*!  :)
Waiting to hear back,if we get to buy a new vehicle:)
lekker bij komen van een werkmiddagje :)
:) happy velma! I'll let you know. prolly tonight!
I hope I did okay:) He sounded really nice and fun to be around!
About damn time, G man. :) Thanks!
gaat naar een avant-premiere :)
thanks! not as famous as twitter famous as @stephenfry, but am v hyper now...think trip to pub might be in order :)
stimulus stuff will disappear, not idaho.gov  :) idaho.gov looks awesome!
da, deci cam asa arata si functioneaza un site de 30.000 euro :)
Ouch! Roshambo! Like 50MB for App storage on a Berry low :)
I read an addictive book today. It only took me about two hrs to read thankgod there's a sequel. Needa get better so I can go buy it :).
mergem mergem....nu putem rata gala "Oscar":)
ohhhhh--stop--yer hurting my eyes. Come to Dallas--I'll feed you all right and proper :)
Just got finished eating lunch at work and did a little work on a necklace:)
Cool, if your running it on 64bit you will need the 64bit version of cablib.dll but other than that its good :)
yep, i'm at O'hare :)
lol its ok :)
I &lt;3 you too :)
first day of work! and super excited :)
just signed up :)
 o mac os X demora 30 segundos. :) e é muito mais completo do que o presto.
actually sounds delicious :)
Listening to Tool always makes my day better :)
Im on the tredmill :)
adorabile :)
So are you free on Thursday? :)
Hell yeah! That just made my day. My blog is officially aggregated by Adobe Feeds now (MXNA). Thank you Adobe for sweetening my day :)
I literaly LOL when I read your Tweet. And I'm alone in the car:)
wow, i have people following me! I'm like.... FAMOUS! :)
Name, Org, mission, Official Web site, and e-mail, please :)
Thats ok... it is very refreshing reading about celebrities doing the mundane things in life that us "normal" folk do :)
I love it! Loads of advice gems here. Duly bookmarked and RSS'd :) Just wished we lived nearer so we could do Tea For Two!
stiam eu ca ma urmariti :)
- That can't possibly be true or else I clearly would have been invited to be one of the judges. :)
haha cooooooooolio! hello! :) x
I vote for Lost or a nap. :)
My point exactly. :))
Playing with #zensify Beta 2... It's all starting to come together :)
ha ha :) LOVE it! Hey and might I add... you have nice "tweets"
Looking forward to it. I like to listen to your songs every now and then (to be honest, it's mostly due to the English accent :)
isn't the internet great? I watched get worked on in a JPL livestream. :) I LOVE the internet!!
Heading to a meeting. Yay!  I'm out of the office!  :)
if you float a project. i will do it for free. :)
O twitter do Obama é capaz de não ser esses, procura em FindPeople »Suggested Users :)
Thx for the follow. Glad to meet @waynesutton's other half! Or should that be his better half? :)
OTA = over-the-air antenna :)
thanks for that :)
It's OK. Waiting for Star Trek, National Treasure 3 & The Hobbitt. Uh-oh, just disclosed Lord of the Rings obsession on Twitter :)
might be more prudent to ask people to un-follow jimmy fallon :) but just dont tell him you did that until after the segment
me three!  :)  Happy to buy a last-minute ticket to #SXSW if someone wants to help me pay for it.  :)
good to see you too. I especially enjoyed the Batman conversation :) Thanks for the link, I will check it out
祖祖也喜歡夜訓嗎? :)
Moral à parte, o q eu gostaria mesmo é q se tornasse no mau de sete um do Sporting ao Benfica. :)
I have to myself...or go crazy.  Not an option.  :)
Whateva! I jus gota link yall up :)
Nothing worthy of using 140 c to repeat :) Have a good day/night.
Yay!!!!!! I'm gunna be an aunt :) my sisters havin a baby :)
Another loser: you just lost the game :) http://tinyurl.com/b6exxj
and a WHOLE lot of one-dollar bills! :)  (these things can't be rushed, y'know!)
this one ? :) Gavin DeGraw: http://tinyurl.com/d692jb
The mere thought of 8" heels makes me hurt all over. Esp. since I have calf-muscle trigger-point issues from running. Ow! :)
I fixed some laser printer solenoids today... who says IT isn't rewarding :)
great playlist! :)
tis inovatie he :)
Eating nilla wafers! YEAH SON!:)
I knew it! I knew it! :) If you wore banana clips in the 80s you KNEW that visor was a hair accessory! Too funny!
:)
cool interview Jason, thanks so much :)
Gus: Visita relámpago a EscapadaRural de , ya hacía tiempo :)
Assumptions and Core Beliefs caused a good bit of discussion today in class. Looking forward to Summer term, when we can explore Gestalt :)
that was good. :)
is fairly hungry and very tired but totally going to c Nicky :)
glad to hear it.... hey if you write some cool scripts put it out on a website so the rest of us can take a look :)
oops, over brewed my tea again, good job I only make the herbal kind :)
watching Friends, hahah! :)
 what's with the purple lights over head? what kind of a plane are you on anyways? :)
Dropped a bunch of books and movies at mckay's. Nothing is worth what I would like, but I got a new book and movie with plenty left over. :)
thanks! today was good, a much better day.. appreciate the optimism :)
Hey:) Did you download anything?:)
Thanks, brother. You rock. Good luck w/ your Beemer. :)
Every little bit helps. :)
Nu har vi (@lindapierre, & @jskn) stora planer på gång. Om några veckor så... :)
De rss-feed werkt echt :) M'n dag kan niet meer stuk @UitdagingOnline
worth it, wasnt it :) Free screen cleaner guys: http://www.raincitystory.com/flash/screenclean.swf
i started a new blog. it's for the little things that don't feel right for multiply (anymore) or facebook. gosh, i missed this :)
Forgive my many questions! There is so much I want to know! LOL!  :)
is drinking hot chocolate :) MMMMmmmmm
Yep leaves and all,  if you add melons include their seeds too :) click on smoothie video http://www.blendtec.com/demos.aspx
Hey Rachel, welcome to Twitter! :)
Quero ficarperto da felicidade com esse notbook!:)
True... but there's actually TWO people who managed all four teams. Can you name the other one? :)
Had a great meal in Genova, Italy today... THX Luca! Rome next week and home on the 17th just in time to launch our new company LinkedCV:)
yeah, I know I was just hoping beyond all hope. Looks like I should've started hoping sooner, and they would've closed sooner :)
@scottharrison: whew! Though I wasn't kidding about rolling thousands of $ - just need a good soundtrack :)
Alcazar's new album is being released tomorrow! Should be enough till BWO's Big Science comes out... :))
 Sooo, what'd you think of Castle? I'm anxious to hear. :)
i am but i brought the laptop to bed with me :) x
I assume you mean his hair...and if so, HE asked me to do that. I simply obliged my boyfriends wishes :). I take it you hate it?
Been in the sand all day... walked back ten feet to freinds apt. to check emails... headed back for more... best birthday ever. :)
I soooo wanna stop in, but we'll have to see how the scheduling goes. but hopefully :)
Hey, We have a birthday coming up soon don't we :) I  hope I didn't miss yours...
E' appena stato (quasi) investito dal pullman del Chelsea... Forza ragazzi spaccate le reni ai gobbi. :)
welcome to Austin! go score some cupcakes on SoCo :)
:)) =))) crezi in astea ? :)))
rooossssseeeeee!!!:)
im Nebenraum testet jemand Speaker.. sehr laut :)
of course, I won't tell! :)
they grow out of them quick though :)
Bonus of apt. living: doing 3 loads of laundry in parallel. Also: yes, I am a house husband. For now. :)
I can have lunch whenever, so we should definitely plan something. :)
boom :)
Good afternoon all, cold but sunny in Colorado, making chili for grazing today. :) Stay tuned for some kewl links later today.
I'm. So. Exiiiiiiiiiiiiited. :)
abi iki gün üst üstede o yenmiyor ki :) re: http://ff.im/1r9Hv
I need a job with you :)
you got me.....:)
 Yay!  Congratulations Jeremy! :)
I just bought 3 Sioux City's! Sars, Birch & Ginger! :)   Thanks for next round of root beer suggestions!
Check out @stephagresta's latest project: Fantasy Apps w/ some luminous tech luminaries: http://tinyurl.com/d9xjds (helping co-produce!) :)
If youre in LA and wanna see Dane Cook tonight just let me know for discount VIP tickets. Possible guest: Adam Sandler :)
Wanna get dropped back at the Caltrain station in the evening :)
Thanks for the links :)
so cool! thanks for sharing :)
Yes sir, he is.  Although Sam Harris is even better :)  Bummed I didn't see Dawkins when he was in MN last week...
@thezvoner, wants some attention, she's following me too, maybe we should buy a 9.370 RON Cognac :))
isso. :)
let's do it!! :)
WELL WHOEVER UNFOLLOWED YOU IS AN IDIOT. Feel better :)
I was watching Degrassi today & a poster in a locker had the Popstar Magazine logo on it :)
hug back :)
Twello Foodie Tweets I have a new found love for peas. Green Giant Sweetlets are sooo tasty! :) http://tinyurl.com/d75vqx
Wohoo, My MSI Wind arrived today, It's so awesome :) Now to osx'ify it lol
take away my friend. The solution to most student issues :)
Really enjoyed her day so far! hopefully work will bbe good too :)
LMAO!!!!! Um, me too..... I think the glitter fairy came to visit last night. Connection in a few minutes :)
dm me or call with your mailing add, you have a CD coming your way boy :)
lies and i love ow it says "1 follower you suck D:"
ah ha :)
ah, that's coming up very soon! good luck @jegill! :)
thank you :) - my pleasure - thanks for following too
we wish you were here too... but it'd have to be both of you :)
Haha it was nice, but that really is healthier than mine! :) Enjoy the fish!
Did you just "cool" me?  :)
 as far as i've been told 626 is hitting Florida soon :)
343! you win!! My question: how do you "address" the really old ones... do you explain why you're so late in reply? :)
Danke schön! :)!
got my stitches out :) its healing!
Ah!! OOPS!!!! Sorry, buddy...forgot there for a second.... :) Ingredient's always great! :D
Getting an oil change, emissions done, & car cleaned. I feel productive! :)
Thx Julie. :)
Listening to the Yeah Yeah Yeahs...I suggest you do the same :)
Broke into the cemetery :)
Brought my own almond syrup to the bean! Mmm almond soy latte :)
Just got waxed :) now eating chocolate
I will once I can get more than 5 seconds to goof around online.  :)  Thanks.
People at school are mean. Sell it for me :) Thanks, babe!
http://twitpic.com/1zdcu - :) Have a nice trip... and more hot chocolate!
at work...
catching up on my emails :)
sitz gerade im hotel und checkt die e-mails :) das wetter auf zypern, einfach der hammer :)
Thanks for the suggestion RE rustyrockets. :)
 Dont get me know I like the non Microsoft part of it :) I am a Linux kind of guy witch is somewhat like a mac :)
Nope! No worries. :)
is flattered that so many of you want to follow me on here.  But I think this site is pretty useless.  Happy with facebook, thanks. :)
Day is off to a good start. Thanks Now i can get the piggie earbuds :) http://tinypic.com/r/33tp8.. http://tinyurl.com/ao2vey
@wandarodriguez: pero si todo va a estar bien :)
Ah well, when I tried designing an A2 sized poster it crashed my PS for uncountable times. I would blame my Vista :)
Heading off to see Joanne in Newcastle at the weekend. Bless her :) She'll get a nice out of it! Good old Uni students
http://tinyurl.com/bf6ytk CICO :))
seriously? Well I just heard God say thank you and he loves you :) and so does @hnanners
hi there! Does hertz proper have a person on twitter as well? :)
you should of went saturdayy. thats when i was in nyc :)
@dubroy: method length can certainly affect readability; your post didn't use that word :) a long method can be justified by readability
yes.  My cherry was popped./  Wow. :)
want me to deliver some pizza??? :)
I LOLed at that haha and about an 8 :) it's good
Does anyone of know of anyone who may be interested in Arbonne? HEALTHY product :)
true, very true. I just wish 100+ of those weren't SharePoint feeds I was waiting to digest fully. Oh well :)
thanks muchly :)
Where did you get it from? Oh I need a cheeseburger right about now. But I think I'm going to go for a smoothie :)
I'd love to hear them :)
Hmmm indeed! Maybe it spells doom for Gawker, though. :)
you two need to do your own version of that video :)
hey hope you are ok man. I will fly home early for ya :)
Today is a good day :)
Last one for now...one of our bestsellers...will share more at dinner time :) http://twitpic.com/1zdjz
Mandando currículo até pra vaga Java Jr. Quem sabe não descobro umas vagas melhores? E, no mais, fazer entrevista nunca é demais. :)
Loves Orzo salad with Chickpeas and Tomatoes! :) But really hates picking the red onions out of it. Oh... I should pay attention in Econ. :)
Went to a great networking seminar, speaker the infamous Kyle Sexton from the Salem Chamber-I really learned alot  :)
soooo happy that two of my three classes of the day got cancelled :) WOOT!
Thank you :)  We could all do with less spam in our lives.
:) OnLine!....Missing and Loving My Letolicious Candy Man: Jared Leto!
I know. Angie did a good job. Katie is even almost smiling in that one. :)
yes babe, purely selfish, i think we wud fit in well at the soap awards :)
:)
hope all is well sis! When will I get to meet you!!! :)
Best of it is, I was mentioning facts from their own blog post (now removed) and press release. Look fwd to response :)
http://twitpic.com/1zdma - At the zenith :)
ok ... I am tapped out (for now:)  Time to get back to work.:)
Also wenn auch Musikvideos gehen, das war mein Sommerhit '98 :) http://tinyurl.com/d7mrev #sommervideos
Hey folks, is a smarty from Europe & one of my 1st Twitter friends. Checkout his post on building community http://is.gd/mKbH :)
I really love when term papers take like 5 seconds to write... and by that I mean a few hours.  Still not bad though, I think :)
Holy crap i'm in love:)
jus us 3:)
- hehe migrating a blog is the height of tedium - I sympathise. All updated :)
Just ate the best egg & bacon sandwich. But then again, I was so hungry cardboard would of tasted good. :)
The Qemists - Dem Na Like Me. DAMN. :)
Cool, thanks, appreciate that :)
com tags tipo "sit em vez de #sit não te safas pá! ou foi um trocadilho para os vários erros ortográficos do artigo? :)
about to eat a lovely tea cooked by my husband....any tea not cooked by me is lovely  :)
Oh :\ Yeah twas ok thanks :)
abendessen im ofen :)
congratulations :)
I JUST saw your post (kiddo is sick) - wow - what an incredible compliment. :)
this one ? :) Hillsong: http://tinyurl.com/c22ddz
Whoo i won ^^ remind me to collect my 20p :)
Everyone has to start somewhere, keep it up :)
PCs are just dog s***e, matey. And I've got Windoze on my Mac, so I speak with some authority :)
Congrats! :)
nothing to do ! videochatting with emilyyy :)
ice cubes? not so much... She loves chasing this toy called a "Wubba". Basically a Kong wrapped in cloth with tails. :)
Proper shattered after a hard graft at work.  Some funny moments though :)
ah, thank you. :)
Hey, I'm always up for being an example. :) 'Twas a great post. :)
http://www.flickr.com/photos/bunnywhite/3344824048/ Fashion Divas por Marina Abadjieff :)
oh yay!  so excited to see you again :)
:)
i feel so loved.. my good friend from highschool just wrote and said he loves me.. :) i love my friends
I am now. :)
lovin' the Scavenger Hunt :) can't wait for more clues
Danke! Ja, morgen gehts wieder los. Eile mit Weile! :)
Great to hear you had such a good time - that's what it's all about! Hope to see you soon. :)
ha ha :)
ben has just ordered a i7 Processor and motherboard :)
O no?????? #twittermates totales :)
That's Amazing! Hope you're having fun :)!
You'd have to come to NYC. :)
no problem! thank *you*! Don't be a stranger :)
Just got out of the shower :)
Congrats on Google and Apple by the way. You'll have fun at the Googleplex :)
Ooh thank you twitts:) 
urban outfitters addy: check!
ps - poti sa afli acum cam pe unde te gasesti in clasamentul roblogfest .. cu aproximatie. scpecial bonus via ie8 :)  http://bit.ly/vRJLf
I am loving my new book, immensely. Good thing about my work is that I can read behind the counter and no one will care. :)
!! bin so eifersuechtig auf deine Schuhe. jedoch... gewinne ich weil ich david tennent wenn er nur Unterhose traegt gesehen habe :)
Thanks so much for RTs guys  :)
VOTE BOOTH IN THE FANDOM STEEL CAGE MATCH MARCH MADNESS ELITE 8!!!! Those of you who know what I'm talking about know where to vote. :)
Perfect reason to show off!! :)
Glad you like it! By the way, you're right, they're both voiced by Horie Yui. :)
~ around until 3pm - are you avail? :) skype or call (for skype: sknand35) phone 978-682-2839
is out of school all day for UIL for Choir. :)
and that, my dear, is why I'm select about what I tell you :)
I not to count on the true friendship, she does not exist! jealousy is everywhere...
Fuck fuck fuck!!!
Only the music remains my friend :)
2000. twitim bu heeey :)
Chris Cornell vem a Portugal!!! Estou nas nuvens... :)
Learning about multi site. Is this relevant to us at fc? Absolutely. We'll be there before you know it...:)
Really, that will be easier than you think. :)
kaiserslautener in hannover.. Willkommen bei der pl0gbar hannover :)
LOL!!!  We can make up new words to pose as swear words :)
haha! I've noticed that! :) si puedo ayudar, estoy feliz lol!
no they won't be. But I don't respect the blog this person put up about me...it's unfair and untrue.:)
Spätestens wenn du bis morgen nicht getwittert hast. :)
Acabei de fazer uns posts pro blog. Agora vou ler a minha dose diária de notícias do mundo geek. :)
RT Chicken Ghallaba,  my FAVS http://is.gd/mr6W Smells soooo good, & lose weight, lose Fat eating this stuff - YUM!! :) Great
thank you so much for the shout out :)  we're excited about it!
RT BREAKING NEWS: ALKALINE TRIO and SAVES THE DAY announce tour together!  - - April 18th in Minneapolis :)
yes I will work on a short film, featuring Me, called "Prance!" :)
lol, sbp! :)
Sleeping on the tummy time clock (maybe I don't want to hold my head up right now :))
Leer Nicolás Guillén con Elvis de fondo es raro pero entretenido :)
I'm typing my first twit... Kind of enthralling :) And I'm also having an intense convo, working on a fashion show, etc. YAY ME!!
Oh, OK. Well, it's good to envision your future. Better chance you make it come to life. :) Wishing us both good work days.
Skipped bio lab (it was "optional") and spent money instead :)
Finished speaking on SEO copywriting at #sf09.Thanks to @rebeccakelley, I have visions of a shirtless Hof floating through my brain.ARGH! :)
mehhhh. feel a bit crap. however I just noticed 900 followers :) hello!
Not to worry, noone got that one. Next question starts in 1 minute, get your thinking caps on :)
i know it is, took me a while to even realise how to write tweets :)
Very good.  Learned that last night as I was helping my daughter with her Macbeth essay. Gold star for you :)
ho cu tata. bizonu'nvarte roata. ho cu tata :) http://tinyurl.com/byo7jk
Obama spoke about education today! I am sooo hopeful that actual, real reform will come... :)
Merci :), bon spectacle à toi, c'est bien le théâtre, je ne pense jamais à y aller... Bisous ^^ !
It will be good! send it me :)
well we came up with the Poll here in the office after a great debate... and an office full of tired people Monday morning :)
getting new wordpress blog up tonight :)
Well, today is a new day, and I'm still a little sick, but I think I'm getting better. and I am currently in Charlotte, NC. :)
You should do a virtual seminar. Not everyone can be in NYC. :)
OMG - that menu is making me drool!! I might have to accidentally find myself there on a drive up to Tahoe :)  Thanks!!!
Per your comment about Fedex and resumes... plus, you don't get the BSG reference? :)
haha yeah that one hour sucked out of me really drained me too :) #naptuesday ?
Can't take homework anymore :P so going to take a shower :)
Good mood :)
has to write Good Works next. Seven days til work writing deadline. Plenty-o-time. :) But...chapter 15 is calling me...
RT @nickswan: Test Driven Development - thoughts from the SharePoint MVPs  http://bit.ly/MzX6w #spps (techy stuff :))
and always a pleasure for me to see your smiling face :) thank you
Anytime darlink. :)
eating mac and cheese, watching ellen, and.... doing hw...... it was almost perfect :)
:) Of course :)
ha! Fortunately for you, probably not :)
has just returned from delivering a digital imaging staff meeting. Staff at the school were very welcoming. Makes me happy! :)
Homemade chicken soup so good there's no broth left 'cuz your husband's sopped it up with the bread rolls ... best breakfast in long time :)
March Madness has officially begun for me! Big East tournament at Madison Square Garden this week! :)
Vou assistir Heroes :)
I couldn't agree more! (re: today is dragging) It's rainy and gloomy here..kinda like a good day to have cocktails! :)
Blind today and feelin a little down. But I'm in the office club so I'm feeling better :)
my priorities are yoga, tea, and good books in interesting places.  looking into adding massage.  :)
Still, it takes a while to remove 13,000,000 rows from the Exceptions table.  Calm down! It's a dev box not production :)
Another powder day missed for me! There's always next season :) RT Pow pix from this morning! http://is.gd/mK43
feeling tired... I had some sleep in the bus.. and missed my stop :)
hehe, I love sending angry emails to businesses complaining about how crap they are :)
I'm eating :)
Who's on your show this week? :)
Beautiful cloudless sky and its perfect weather out. :)
Is that where the expression "give you my three cents" came in? Oh, wait, that's two cents. Never mind. :)
 Will we be seeing an online review of the Kindle any time soon? :)
tens que ver, estou uma dona de casa exemplar, nem eu me reconheço! :)
wonder if dry roasted organic pumpkin seeds are on the approval list, not that it would stop me from nomming on them :)
thank u.....all good, just tell me when.. :)
 sounds good :)
Watching the snow melt outside :)
I'm going with Andy to get him some Chinese food, I'll be back laters :)
у нас в России да :)
How half hearted of you... :)
driving to campus. in classes til 5. spring break starts after 5 until 9 am march 24th :)
so im not alone missing my childhood days this holi.. :)
LOL you always make me laugh :D thank you!!! Are you on facebook? Would love to have you as friend! :)
In a hair salon in Vegas while my honey gets it cut:) Lookin' good! You TOO!
See what's coming: www.AttainResponse.com in 3 weeks..from me:)
I like when Jamel is in @kfleming's office and I can hear them both laughing :)  They have great laughs!
that really depends on the style of frames you have... :)
og du kvitrer jammen også nå :)
Turning on the sattelite.... i am so glad i took the time to upgrade to the multytenne :)
Yay!!!  No class!  If only I could spend my no-class time on things like enjoying the weather--instead of doing other school stuff. :)
obsessive cleaning syndrom.. would be nice to have a housecleaner like that. Allways tidy :)
I forgot I even had Twitter!! Woo 1 follower! I'm cool :)
Fun to see you on. :) You have a high school friend living in Anchorage? How did you figure that out? Fun to see eachother, I bet.
Egal! Hey, Du hast Sex! Cool!!! :)
happy birthday Asher! How's your day going so far? Any birthday party plans? Share share :)
No. There's enough if me to go round :)
its like The Douglas of 2008 :)
Stefan has (bassist) no Dave yet. BUT I'M NOT GIVING UP! :)
Well if I ever get to that point for you, please unfollow me :) I can't be everything to everyone.
you people are probably very sharp! Modern people in sunny California designing some wonderful ancient jewellery! Brilliant:)
no law of mass comm today, YES! :)
Jsem vycerpan az beda, ale jeste toho musim dneska trochu udelat. Najednou se mi toho nakupilo nejak moc, ale lepsi nez lenosit :)
tycker Emma är fantastisk:)
i've known her for 3 years now. she lives in the next lane. we met on orkut 4 years ago :)
RT @ByDezin: RT @JerryBroughton: and always a pleasure for me to see your smiling face :) thank you {I must be doing something  ...
just signed up to twitter :)
I love that I can walk up the street from my apartment in Bremerton (in WA state) and see water, & trees. :) It's pretty here.
Cute guys are always at this starbucks...:)
lucky bastard! Keep us posted on the experience - and have a good trip Austin is awesome :)
is enjoying the 90 degree weather, but the political smearing campaigns of ARENA and FMLN are annoying :) MARCH 15th!!!
sweet send off :)
well the Mom song as they sayhttp://tinyurl.com/3rpuzo :)
nope! Dad is NOT on twitter. Thank the maker :)
thought you'd like that one :)
Some days? I'm like that every day. :)
Breaktime, yess!! Veggie works:)
- Drivin' yer car, yeah? :)
Took it, but I think your results will be skewed since you're asking Twitter users if they use Twitter... :)
Using evite.com to send out birthday party invitations for my son's party in a few weeks. I love the internet. :)
 i can take those boxes off your hands :)
I have no complaints :) yay
they did move our game up and it will be weird playing a conference game so early. It will be a good game.. for us :)
coming in DFL has its benefits...everyone already has their sandwiches, so no line :) ..Armadillos should be mandatory...
Direct Messages Laura :)
ahahaha thought so :)
yes, you are :)
agreed but add any site that you post pictures. :)
As much as I get on other people for typos, you'd think I could tweet without them :)
Ontem não vi Força Policial, optei por Um Hotel Bom pra Cachorro, combinou mais com a sessão anterior de PCR 2 ambos dublados. :)
yup :)
Happy Birthday :)
#spoonie roll call:  **How are you feeling today?  Check in with us :)
Haha. :)
I love looking at my hair's shadow when the wind blows ... :)
(Am I perhaps a bit too attached to my walking shoe brand? :) I can't help it. As a NYC resident my shoes are my transportation.)
It's all good. Humiliation is not fatal. :) Plus it makes you more relatable.
Música nova da Carrie: "Home sweet home", cover da banda Motley Crue. ADOREI a versão :)
I'm working on a final exam which is way harder than I thought it would be...lol :)
:)
Show Love & Support, Tune In For D.V.B.L Radio TONIGHT!!!! 8pm est @ *www.blogtalkradio.com/dvblradio  sign up now so to join the chat :)
t'would suck if you couldn't go but if the parents/physio say no - get some rest, like :)
just a little :)and don't count out vancover yet, there is still two more movies after this one ;)
is considering going back to school. Get a BA in Finance, then get a MA/PhD and teach business/finance/investing as a college professor. :)
woop-woop it's the sound of the police, woop-woop it's the sound of the beast! :) http://tinyurl.com/yvpgcp
oh a chocolate cake with coffee sounds divine... did you make it yet?? :)
We're entering that moment w/a little bit of chaos...my favorite part :) http://www.socialactions.com/changetheweb/chat
danke für die #filmbewertung :) leider gibt's noch keine #freikarten für's #kino -- kommt aber bestimmt bald http://bit.ly/XhrdY
Saw on 4 last night and this morning. Nice! :)
well you spend all your time at disneyland!! :) haha jk
Yeah, that one! wouldn't miss it for the world! That reminds me I should get tickets. Last time I got lucky and got two 1day b4:)
welcome to the bw:)
~This is for ALL the mums out there !!!! It made me laugh n cry at same time :))) http://bit.ly/12jRuJ
 No YOU. You!  Funny that all the people I intro already follow/dig eachother.  Proof that like begets like :)  #tweepletuesday
Just eating my scoon...:)
For a bigger babychild, very little beats the Moby. :) My 35lb son feels like 10lbs in a tight-wrapped Moby back carry.
exactamente, me siento como descubriendo America, no entiendo nada pero es divertido :)
some non posted secrets would be nice :)
I like the sound of happy tv, but doesn't everyone hate happy people, something very suspect about them, but sounds good :)
hahahaha AGREED! But thts soon gonna be me in my lil purp car :) lol
Lookin tv :) i hope that i'll get my internet back soon. 14 days without it. Can you imagine that?
And we all missed you :)
is hungrrrrrrrrry and is doing nothing until Harrison's rehearsal tonight :)
I think I'm having some kind of potato and something for tea :) She wanted to see Philip Schofields twitter haha
On my way to get mcalisters for Jordan and I, yum! :)
Good job on getting your permit kyle! :)
so many fun new toys:)
thank you friends ;) Feeling much better than I was a few days ago, so that's a plus :)
you need Adam Sandler's remote from Click :)
thanks! :)
awe thanks man! I know, it died on me, but I'm feeling the tweets again. :)
je ego cosmetics filmpjes zijn weer zooooo leuk :)
best mugshot I ever seen :) LOOL
awesome! I do like the new changes to the blog tho :)
preparing for shitty time :)
@saraaamarie: acctually it's called theatre. :)
hey  XD   wow i've never used this before  :)   tell me if i'm not doing too well.
Uploading video :)
You really can't ask for much more than that :)
I think my heart skipped a beat today :)
is trying to guilt everyone who bailed on him Saturday and last spring to watch the Butler game with him tonight. This means YOU! :)
My house is now for sale, please but it! It's mint :)
Kiwi's dad has stopped in The Store. :)
' Canim Ailem ' izliyorum. Izledigim tek dizidir kendileri, bayiliyorum :)
Por allí nos vemos :)
Liebesbrief von Gott :)
Ich kenne dich durch und durch. (Psalm 139,1)
http://www.gottkennen.com/
I assume you're aware of the Jade, Brent, and Skull cameos in Liberty Meadows this week?  :)
i would buy that shirt. :)
det fanns gott om el hos oss :) Strömavbrott? Vart?
So hoping for 10-20  k then once you settle :)
I might be winning a free shirt from the berrics :)
I am about to enjoy a ride outside with my friends. Oh its such a beautiful, wonderful day! :)
RT  pearltrees sera de retour dans moins d'une heure. il y a environ 7 heure(s). pearltrees is back! il y a environ 2 heure(s). ... :)
Happy Tuesday to you :) ... do you have some V8 juice?!! :)
going to watch a movie :)
es k no m tienen paxienxia jaja :)
As per your request I am tweeting you :)
Freebie! Get free fries n drink today at Jack In The Box. http://short.to/1cp2 Follow me for your Twitter freebies! :)
schafft respektable 1,4 Mio. Zuschauer. Und wenn nicht, könnte er typmäßig immer noch als Eisbärenpfleger Karriere machen:)
of course each party has their own agenda. everyone has their own horse in the race and other cliches and so on and so forth :)
A mí me gustamucho Spaz. menos es más :)
at connors :)....being badbass
I just gave blood for the first time...proud of myself :)
  Shucks.....I am speechless   :)
not sure yet....it's up to me actually :)
Todays Fashion Fix http://egothieves.com :) new Just House Podcast coming tonight as well as exclusive old skool.. http://tinyurl.com/b9mcfd
http://dianabobar.hi5.com wow, right??? nu te-ai fi gandit niciodata ca e asta, asa-i? :)))))))))
wow thats cool :)
This is interesting :) http://tinyurl.com/aarvqa
almost done typing up my presentation :)
hiiyyyaa :)
Have been trying to get the new website live today. Didn't quite manage it, but know what I need to do tomorrow :)
mmm... coffee is great. :)
I met Jack Nicholson once. That was interesting. He was wearing a Donald Duck hat. :)
Another Java ACS from US reaching Q-Gate tomorrow(very similar to EUSD)... Hmmm[with a smile]....:)
you funny man :)
about time! I thought you were a tech leader? :) and yes I'd say it is different then the facebook status updates.
when i add the colors and content, and logo, it'll show, right now it's very bare :) just the template i made.
pick a song and I'll try to blip it for ya. :)
@kelt: %levelezőlapot kézbesít :)
мы писали статью в блоге :) но друзья оказались тухлыми и малозависимыми от компа и не айфоновладельцами, так что полный фейл.
your so lazy bun ... update your profile pic :)
Owl City seems to do the trick for me :) Kiss My Sass by Cobra Starship always seems to put a smile on my face too...
Soeben neues MacBook gekauft im mm. Großes Alu mit 4 nehmen 3 Zahlen :)
 http://twitpic.com/1ze37
Did the Wii Fit thing for half an hour including a jog, lots of tummy toners and lunges.... Feel much healthier, now drinking mint tea :)
It is fun. There probably is--if not, start it! :)
vielleicht findest du in den Ritzen ja wenigstens ein altes Käsebrot! :)
getting ready for the great lakes athletic training association meeting in Indiana :)
went to the candy store on buchanan st today...it's actually theee best shop on the planet! Loveloveloveee! :) Xx
Todays Fashion Fix http://egothieves.com :) new Just House Podcast coming tonight as well as exclusive old skool.. http://tinyurl.com/b9mcfd
Is Waiting To Relapse......:)
whoop whooop .. twitter rave :)
Thanks for the follow!  I love meeting other Floridians on Twitter :)
is going on a 'road trip' to Cardiff tomorrow with 3 other Hannahs :) .. much to the concern of my Mum (@MicheleHunt)... (we'll be fine!!) x
hola. man, Frank has some kick butt listeners. how y'all doing? DOCSIS3.0 still chasing FiOS around the USA today? :)
sure if I would have said Vodka instead of V8 you would have been all into it. :)
Oh yes, he knows full well about it. I just tell him he's my favorite, but you are just my "nerd crush", that seems to help. :)
:) just an observation on my way to the breakroom.
Thanks for the congrats :)
teatime.  :)
o al rato la legión del mal, encabezada x pedro pablo "braniac" quirós, le saboteó las comunicaciones :)
Amazing! I'm there for sure. Bless open camera policies. :)
Congrats! The future is bright. :)
Meio boi entra, meio boi sai. Essa é a lei da natureza. Estou leve denovo. :)
So if you have followed me in the past couple of weeks, @ me so we can say hi. :)
the probably follow you on Twitter :)
I have Pet affiliates @ http://pethealthaffiliates.com that r doing well w/ Squidoo/hubpages/wetpaint and even sites like Yahoo answers. :)
Gracias:)
tengo que mirar mi agenda! Es que cuando una es Reina del Paisos Catalans, estoy muy ocupada!:)
you are amazing in front of the room!  Great speaker at SMJBOS !  Love the passion that is pouring out of you! special smile:)
@LifeCoachKaren, i love fresh mozz w/tomatoes, basil and vinegar/olive oil. one of my favorite salads of all times :)
Honey Baked Ham just dropped off free lunch to tell us about their catering services... most DELICIOUS marketing tactic EVER :)
why did you say "wheee" that's really nerdy!  :)
Just home form the gym.  I turn 40 this november, so I'm determined to be Fit & 40, not Fat & 40. :)
va bientôt manger ! Et après 3 épisodes de Dr House !!! :) Bonne soirée tout le monde!
TRanscribing old diary at day job, head hurts, will check Twitter instead :)
thanks for the kinds word man :) glad you enjoyed
You can also slightly bounce while pulling the ends of fabric to pull him closer & fabric tighter. :)
ah .. sorry .. no zip file! a little bit nicer.. AJAX and so on:) #drupal
thanks for the RT! :)
пасиб :)
Dios... Acabo de ver la luz. Me ha costado entenderlo pero... Era tan fácil... Es tan sencillo... Mañana lo hago. :)
Woo got my job back, I'm so happy :)
Aì está uma possibilidade! A questão era do @Apdeites, vou reencaminhar a resposta para ele. :)
UI designers are always a pain in the ass :)
O kahmenos... :))
да нормальные. Медведщина говорит компутиризироваться :) освоят бюджеты. Ноуты дешевые появляются.ща nvidia  может выстрелит
Quantom Of Solace - Playstation 3 ace game :)
SO fantabulous on the view, crazy amazing outfit as usual, rockin the shorter hair!! stellar... as always great performer :)
change? I think it is still to soon, and that we should put our optimism on the shelf...but hey, what do I know :)
WOW!  Congrats :)
if you want to check out my art go to www.offthewallartists.com
if you need your house done right go to www.offthewallaz.com
peace :)
Thank you :) How's Taipei?
: adorable! :)
And we'll be glad to help you. :) Let us know if you need help with the site! Best of luck!
That's true for all coding actitivies. :) IMHO the code is readable and shows the intent in a concise way. http://xrl.in/1qp7
Dinner is on!!! oh yeah! and all the pictures are named and up on flickr :) time for some chat.
pai cand ceva nu e necesar poate sa intre in categoria aia.in rest, nu exista:)cum e ca ti-e sa vii pana in tm :P
Fortunately they make laptop and netbooks sized for everyone :) For me a 17 would be difficult in a small meeting room.
This post is just adorable! She's a lucky gal to have you! :)
 I was completely mesmerized with their first album. And the first video also put a strong spell on me :)
Thanks! :) It did turn out DELICIOUS! \o/
Thanks to our new followers, especially our 300th follower :)
Those are the only two official ones. For now. :)
Thank you. I just followed you per the advice of :) Nice to Tweet ya!
angel is my HG lipstick :)
could you pls retweet: @chanceuk: Save our work with Hackney children - sign petition http://tinyurl.com/bfl748 thanks :)
RT: chocolate. chocolate. chocolate. :) http://tinyurl.com/ags5k3
Thanks I too love my new me site http://alyssaavant.com covers all my focuses :)
:)
I am glad someone does haha!! :)
Today has been the most random day :)
i just came across two boxes full of pictures from when i was little :) i lovee looking through old pictures.
yummy cheese on yummy crackers :)
I love making fun of my roomate through facebook chat, it brings me joy :)
Bout to do some kenpoX. Get excited:) #p90x
bro, sorry i am trying to reduce my incoming bandwidth... no offense!  its a GTD thing :)
I know, right?!!! LOL! The opportunity came up & I said why not!:) I have the training in 4 the most part, so that's good:)
What?  No request of guru wisdom these days?  :)
the roof is too tall to climb. :( maybe snow is better?  :) http://twitpic.com/1ze6e
thanks for the tea, Kristi!  I like Earl :)
Feliz aniversário Remus Lupin! :)
Just tell him it was a home tornado drill.  You were just testing him /her ":)
im all good minus not picking up his phone now :) you
I could only fit so much on one tweet. :)
Crazy warm here today - is it weird that I'm happy it's going to cool off enough to wear some knits tomorrow? :)
I heard them too and I am in Columbia, I think it was just a test of the warning system :)
2nd bus 2nd loop :)
it's awesome :)
If that's the case, we've got the developers on it. :)
Todays Fashion Fix http://egothieves.com :) new Just House Podcast coming tonight as well as exclusive old skool.. http://tinyurl.com/b9mcfd
Damn Straight  :)
too funny LOL RT @LiveBetterMktg: shared this earlier...but Rev doesn't have it! :) http://hub.tm/?UDSSN
crock pots are awesome - comfort food made in the crock pots - even awesomer!!! :)
:) ha, ha. just a hunch....I will say nearly 20%
 Take a nice rest and snuggle with your baby for a moment! Then check your email I sent some goodies :)
Welcome back to you..:)
ich kann nicht ständig irgendwas herzen, sonst läuft mein leben nur noch vor dem computer ab. :)
yeah, a guy at work as a variant. "It's just a bit of jQuery" :)
yes, ofc :)
:( sorry babe. I have dinner in the crockpot for you, so you dont have to make dinner while im at class! :)
We love you Liverpool. Going to work on Faith based supporting again.. Torres starts :)
Recordando velhos tempos... hoje o almoço foi no #esquimo :)
keep yer head down,eye on the ball, and nose to the grindstone...now do anything in that position :) be safe man
RT http://twitpic.com/1ymor - quatchi and me havin' some energy cookies :) #my #sis #is #cool
David and Ken, I think u are wise...:) I think wise is often recognizing and knowing that you don't know all.
hehe genuinely looking forward to it :) i need to have a fun time :)
very true..akin to ur song lala land i guess  :)
Has finished WWRY! Yess :) In a particularly good mood, maybe something to do with the fact it's only 92 DAYS until summer begins?!
Jammin to tswift and dlovato :)
I'm glad she's ok. :) How's mommy doing?
Chinese! :) I'll take veggie friends rice please with some garlic pepper chicken
 Geen id :) bedoelde dit :http://tinyurl.com/dcxl9r
somewhere I never thought I'd be. I'm not telling either so clear off :)
thanks for following me! :)
GG maybe not! almost living there the last week or 2. let's speak tomorrow to organise. :)
This is why I close my browser windows while I'm working from home, because now I'm all distracted!! :)
Phwarr, Mike Skinner... :) haha
We are in the Top 30 mobile expert twitterers. We will try to to better thought :) http://tinyurl.com/an29j3
work. q. him. sleep. :)
just go tip her over and start talking to him :)
Yeh I remember his funny single 'Jilted John'. He went on to do John Shuttleworth didn't 'e ... 2, 3, 4 de-ne-ne de-ne-ne ...  :)
i think the solution thus far is group therapy :) more to come soon
A už je to tu zase HTC Touch Pro vs. HTC Touch 3G :)
I love how we almost lose  head in hat. It's a great look for him. :)  #spps #sharepoint
anyone planning to put in a trip to anc? i would love company... :)
$75/night isn't bad though :)
Через какой сервис? Я тут как раз на днях потестила несколько. :)
lol glad to hear it :)  any requests?? LOLZ
I shall follow him as he is a fellow Northener. :)
Maybe you could sneak some espresso downstairs where he can't see!?  :)  LOL!
Ha! Yeah! I'll take the congrats :)  Very nice idea!
je hebt mn mannetje goed geschoren hoor :)
Im shaking with excitement watching mj live videos :)
tom sai dove lo mando? :)
be sure to check out http://www.tweetaways.com :)
Just cooked pork chops in the toaster!!! Didn't quite work :)
I'm glad he is okay.  That was a horrible foul and fall.  This is my 300th tweet and I'm glad it was for Rudy :)
hey Andrea - any chance you want to add to your plate of charitable efforts? :)
You're the nicest. :)
Really good, except #2 - pedestrians always have the right-of-way... :)
Jack in the Box free fries and drink today http://tinyurl.com/dc42gj I am not promoting junk food. :) but it's free!
steiker vaffelkaker til kveldsmat :)
Claro!, pero algunas veces también yo me he pinchado sin querer. No atacan selectivamente, pero igual los quiero :)
on the members page, the url for rich boldway doesnt work correctly. friendly heads up :)
Wut?Haha.Noo I meant Asian culture not the meat market service industry! haha we dnt have dem type of bars where I live!  lol:)
High School Musical-Fart Edition....definitely good for a laugh  :) http://tinyurl.com/b6t5kb
congrats pela primeira capa, moça. Rádios inadimplentes, tsc tsc :)
This is the best weather we've had in GA in a looong ass time. BeaUUUUtiful day :)
Going to the mall with mom's card! Haha. I'm staying away from non-American-made! Hope Garrett has a good few hours of rehearsal  :))
- I pretty much love it! :) see ya in a few hours!
Hola, buscando en Twitter search "menorca" acabo de dar con la casa donde naciste en Cales Fonts. ¿Eres de Menorca? :)
hehe, for this exact reason, I started having lunch late, at 2 pm. The morning runs fast anyway :)
Crossing fingers and toes that you have good news :)  Keep us posted when you know more.
E' appena stato (quasi) investito dal pullman del Chelsea... Forza ragazzi spaccate le reni ai gobbi. :) http://ff.im/1rabz
it still is tuesday, right? you're the second person mentioning to me that digiday's tomorrow. i will be there, thurs :)
I have two dachshounds, they are the best little weiners ever. Great temperment & very loving too. Get one :)
Shocked by the tournament we went through to keep our space in the KFC drive-thru queue! Could have smacked the bitch!! :)
umm..no thanks!! I'd rather figure it out on my own and take my chances of fking up my phone!! :) k..thanks!
Um, I heard good things about Sitti, and Sono...? Also favorites: Humble Pie, 518, Cafe Luna, Shaba Shabu... :) Have fun!
lmao, fair dos!!! Try creative, i had some in ear ones of theirs and they were amazing! Skullcandy as well :)
great night last night:)  the beach is amazing at midnight
a lot worse than waxing? :) How was your nights sleep with the lovely Eva?
folks, dont panic; PIFTS stands for Public Internet and File Tracking System; why worry? :) #direstraits #bestof
so very true. ;P. Let me live with the most recent version of universe for a couple days... :)
Hi Elmer :)
we found it cheaper to ditch the diapers completely and just replace the carpets regularly. :)
my kids do too.  I am bad about giving stuff away because I don't want to store it.  I am planning to do a yard sale soon :)
@JAJMiami: I totally agree! That's why I chose corrections, I'll spare you my ramblings though :)
is sitting having a little dance to Eye Of The Tiger :)
Oh soooo cool
Danke dir. Gelb mag ich zwar aber nicht in diesem Zusammenhang :)
muah! (and no...that is not a laugh!) :)
I'm about to take one right now :)
gard von ikea zurück, ikea duisburg ist toll, die haben wenigstens haufenweise glücksbambus :) jetzt direkt weiter zum schwimmen
you obviously have good taste like my wife does. :) will have to suggest they make one of those shirts!
Thanks for the Canadian shout-out :)
Lexware, SAP :) Kommt ja auch immer drauf an wie groß
Love filter :)  Used to play them on my radio show in college a lot. :)
Damn :)  I have never found a faceplate I have really liked.
так вот откуда за нее столько голосов! Посетители тех самых сайтов :))
The #fuckitlist is sort of the opposite of a bucketlist: things you won't bother doing before you die. :)
relax :) dupa o zi grea
I turn on music very loud so it doesn't feel as empty. . . and cross my fingers for snow days or holidays :) it helps (some).
K, that's what I thought :)
Juss internet thuggin as usual:) www.blogburgler.blogspot.com but im thinking to making the transition to Heavy In Da Streets!
new to twitter.. its pretty cool though:)
feliz :) :) :)
You're welcome :) xxx
"Constantin Iancu face pipi in direct" :)) :)))))
A little sugar and lots of milk pleaseeee..:) Am not fuzzy about the sugar... brown, white, mixed.. its all good!
sou absoluto fã da campanha, quero-a por todo o lado, e ainda não perdi a fé (hehehe) de vir a ser passageiro de um destes buses :)
Is done and can officialy feel spring break at my finger tips:)!!!!
meu namorado, depois de ficar 13 anos (!!!) de aparelho fixo tirou e ficou lindo :) relaxa!!
Don't give me ideas, you know I'm prone to suggestions. ;) btw, nice to see you on here! :)
Okay! I am heading to the office! Have a wonderful day, everyone! :)
Thanks :) It was certainly a challenge.
reading miley cyrus autobiography, going to emmerdale set :)
hi:)
Oh, dear. Surprises still in store! Like my outfit! And MORE! :)
das sah doch vorher schon so aus. #wärmepilze , #klopapier , #gabelstapler und #müll :)
great news!!! congrats! when do you start? tonight? i'll have a blue moon! :)
I am pro sleeper over here!! and its so much more painful to get up when it coooold and ur so comfy in bed :)
hey stef, mind if i email you with a quick problem? one with my website... css problem :)
ni echt mijn ding, ik maak de analyses en laat het dan verder designen en ontwikkelen :)
Where's my beta account :) RT @zholmquist: http://twitterlytics.com has 4 accounts running in super duper beta. - Keep your eye on this!
It was really nice meeting you! I had a lot of fun. I would have written earlier but I've been in a drug-induced coma. :)
YOU NEVER CAME, LAZY BASTARDS :)
jealous much? :)
Writing lyrics for a song. If anyone has any fantastic ideas for the theme "waiting", I could use some help :)
you look pretty everyday :)
RT Guide to Anonymous Blogging w/Wordpress & Tor http://is.gd/mJkm... wish I had that when I started blogging :)
no way. don't u know the only thing that matters is me...me...me :)  voting ends midnight on 03Apr09.  i need to b in top 20
I am, I am :)  #idol #american
playing zelda with zac:)
np... i don't begrudge the ga lotto anything and i give them dollars often. what did they do to you? :)
http://tinyurl.com/bgee7k Oprah's Best Life Webcast Archives.Best 2 U :)
Just reading about that is relaxing. :)
I know:) I'm gonna bring you something back:)
glad to hear that Josh helped you out!  We hear that a lot about Josh :)
I love FTSK! :)
good one :)
'taker just botched his lines. No wonder they don't usually let him anywhere near a mic :)
No training today due to #¤"%"#¤& sales process. Hoping things will pan out well for everybody involved...sooner rather than later :)
Just woke up from a 2 hr nap! :) Feels so good!
yay my moms gonna leave the country for 3 wks n im gonna b HOME ALONE!! just like mcauley culkin:)
O poupatempo de osasco está com inscrições abertas para voluntários "Escreve Cartas", total central do brasil :) http://tinyurl.com/d944c8
30 min on the rower.  5000 meters:)
hey how is that producer :)
hahaha vi kan berätta nån annan gång Jonsson.. :)
U seen Jade Goody in her wedding dress - she looks like a shuttlecock lol :)
aww is it i'll just upload it for you and i will give you the link :) x
good job my love :)
I'm on it... (after my spa day). :)
eu te entendo perfeitamente.. melhorou um pouco qdo eu convenci minha mae a comprar um iMac,... :)
thanks for the link and the compliment :)
Let me know if you need any help with your bookkeeping!  :)
why did i volunteer to work for that girl? ;_; i just wanna sleep. maybe i'll pretend i FORGOT. :) nah...i'll just take a nap. sh:)tttttt!
Have a sub in forth and bored have fun at jesse Breanna and Kayla:)
RT We are all on a Wellness Journey. Wellness For You FIRST, :))) Melanie 
http://www.wellnessforyoufirst.com/39748.html
naw.. the harder stuff of course!  my new bff is a naturopathic doctor and she's got lots of potions for me to take :)
nighty night sleep tight :)
http://twitpic.com/1zeiz - :)
I just think they are special- here's one if u want to see it :)  http://tinyurl.com/dgfma6
Ау да, и редење придавки сакс. :)
and OOhh we should play together. I made my character and got bored lol :)
I think I need to start learning Dutch to understand what says :) It sounds interesting... :D
Need help with QuickBooks?  Give me a shout!  :)
awesome link! TY so very much, will get on a call sometime to check it out, looks like fun :)
bwaaaahaha! :)
Off to see my beautiful niece!! :)
agradecido :)
wow! .. but michael myers is (just a bit) less scary now :)
FME to the rescue again thanks for Format: Microsoft MapPoint Web XML, lets ETL this tab file:)
What's up? :)
Having fun in Lisbon? Btw, your presentation was pretty cool! :)
i like it when you text and twitter anyways :) take that
Wish you were shooting with ME instead - what do I need to do to make that happen, eh Justene ?? :)
No kidlets and it sometimes still takes me that long to list an item...hope yours feel better soon :)
having a perdy good day :)
Love the sun and warm weather. Makes me want to lay out on the grass and just bask. :)
It sure sounds that way! Best of luck. :)
oh... you don't want to know! haha :)
Surrey on the 2nd of April. Anyone wanna come see some rockets? :)
Also, go to http://www.actionwipes.com and save 15% with coupon code "darby" at checkout.  :)  Thanks to the lovely @MarthaVan!
esti "cheptoasa" nu gluma :))
am primit drept mita ca sa nu fac urat ptr tricou .. suc si chipsuri .. deci .. hai pa! ca am treaba :D ... muhahaha!! &gt;:)
Nope but that's cool just watched the video. :)
di nAAA :)
Just heard John Legend...sounds fab. May have to get his new cd :)
Gerry; you can call me anytime!!!!  :)
RT @JillPursell: Good afternoon tweets... anyone got any good news? could really use some good news :)
Yes, I first fell in love with nutella in 1989 on a trip to Germany... have never looked back. :)
rīt šīsnedēļas pēdējā darbadiena.. jāaizbrauc būs uz laukiem :) domāju, ka diez vai izturēšu līdz 6dienai
[20] Design Tee Competition http://azzrizal.com/blog/ comment please. :)
hahaha that, yes :)
Happy birthday, Paul! You're the best (next to Jonathan and Storm, of course). :)
Im going to take over cnm and rename it snm :) Senaida new mexico :)
Ah, a shinier (*) Blakes 7, yes :) Did I loose a bet?
Wilw mentioned it was your birthday. Happy Birthday! Hope it is nice and sunny where you are, it isn't where I am. :)
pois eh.. nao eh o q parece.. hehehe... Acho q se a NordesTi.com.br fizesse esses projetos não estariam tão POG.. :)
cinema is off. going for a lovely meal instead :)
http://twitpic.com/1zelh - Work = fun :)
return string :)
HDA vid now online! Loads of interviews with the winners!!! worth checking out - http://www.bbc.co.uk/radio1/kutski/ :)
Thinking about my new business :) http://www.sandalyas.com
Pokerfaceeee (8) :)
Roll on the weekend :)
Posted a video: http://tinyurl.com/d268ps check it out :)
RT @aprilannn: I love love love grace chapel for sending out college care packagesss :) !!!
relaxing as per usual :)
I am wearing purple pants tooo :) but only im not on a train...i am on a bus
*PUSHPLAYDAY&lt;3*
Wil Wheaton says it's your birthday. Have a good one, man. :)
Nick is twittering from his mobile :)
aww thanks! U have an awesome day too!! :)
27 martta olsun lütfen :)) re: http://ff.im/1ragI
watchin doctor who while waitin 4 eastenders 2 start :)
Just updated my blog with another book review. Please lookie :) http://lachatnoir.wordpress.com/
My name is Katherine and my Hubby is Jay..lol KayJay  :)
yeahh! Silfen :)
you did it right - no worries :)
Getting ready to go skate!! :) I totally don't feel like doing my program with doubles... Dx
yo llevaba los avances impresos, y sobre eso me los rayaban. aunque, claro, en pregrado no hay mucho que aportar :)
great :) we're building the virtual homecamp community. can frop into SL and catch up whenever you have a moment.
is really really happy c(: contact me on Facebook, MySpace, Last.FM and YouTube :)
Yes, I see David Suzuki just fine, heh :)
hiiiiiiiiiiii! :)
 I had SUCH a major crush on the Barbi twins back then...still do actually :) LOL
:)
Hello hello hello! :)
Great blog!  Congrats on your one year RMT :)
let me know what you find. :) You should try to hook up with the master of facebook church planting. :)
You are sooo west coast!  :)
#tagalong tuesday  - Let me join the bandwagon :)
Found Followed @lexwill10, Hi! Used to work with you mom, don't block me! :) Happy to have assc dis on tools again.
من رفتم بخوابم ؛ شب بخیر :)
Im not really sure why i made this :)
That's good, because i probs would have anyway :P   Y'all good? :)
yay boozle left!! i'll be helping at the booth :)
ah, little darlings, what vegetables do they like? I'll base my shady (as in no light) thoughts around what they like to eat :)
exciting! :) Good luck Husky!
Thanks for your support and RTs! So glad you enjoyed it! Are you part of Volunteer Toronto's FB group? More events to come :)
Had a good interview w/alpinestars, have a second one in a week :)
my work blocked that one! :)
слушаю на last.fm http://b23.ru/us3 - очень нравится :)
Just looking around ::)
I'm learning to be successful in my own online businesses! :)
Count me in.  I'd like a dozen please! :)
this one ? :) The Beatles: http://tinyurl.com/cmphhf
alignment yes indeed. going riding now and will stretch later to see what i can align..:)
thanks :) I may bounce on this one. Just noticed my pile of chores :p
Welcome new followers @EthneVida, (where were u when we were refinancing?  :)
I know - and he makes it look so easy! Makes me want to grab my guitar and burst into song - alas, it will not sound like that! :)
Surtout qu'en fait de pirates, il s'agit parfois de corsaires ! :)
You’ve gota be quicker Pete :)
is going to see the blades beat blackpool tonight :)
Lol :) mü desem sana üç vakte kadar tatil mi görünüyor desem bilemedim :) re: http://ff.im/1r9zA
bin gerade in Ainring und bekomme Abendessen :)
we're multi-dimensional twits - we can agree on some things and bicker over others! :)
You're in the Matrix. :)
excited for tomorrrrrrrow. :)
alright....I got a side shoulder hug to say sorry for leaving me behind at lunch. I feel better now :)
WOW. Well done sir :)
Funny how one person can make your day! :)
seriously had a surreal-like night...well, more like very early morning. Either way...great time. :)
that the spirit. U will love twitter once you get the hang of things :)
Just relaxing in PS...reading, running and sunning for a few days :)
http://www.flickr.com/photos/misteriophotography/ hockey pics up :) plus other ones.
hehe :)
**  :)  **
I knew I've always liked you :)
Blink rocks :)
Unfortunatly its just the two of us right now booking and promoting the event....maybe one day we will be :)
Closing down computer #1 and heading for #2. Not to mention there are 2 more at home that aren't mine. Are we a little too tech?! :)
listening to ipod, playing on fifa09 and on msn:)
haha goood (Y) im alrightt thanksss :) and yourself?
pues vamos a ver de que trata :)
Tee hee time to guest lecture the planetary geology class i'm taking about phoenix! :)
You have no idea how honoured I feel to be called a semi-pro!! Wow! Big smiles here :)
LOL Don't feel bad. :)
is waiting for Holby City to start. In the mean time, I'm going listening Innerpartysystem :)
hmmmm, sounds like buzzkill, heehee :)
@meinemeinung: Danke, dass du follwst! :) Bin neu hier und freue mich über jeden Kontakt. Schönen Abend!
hehe no problem. :)
glad I'm not the only one who gets depressed looking at photos. :)
Bet it will be awesome- If your videos are not funny, theyb are inspiring, or just...weird. IN A GOOD WAY! Lol you rock! :)
No worries, love what you're doing.  :)
chattin on msn nd doin stuff online lyk orderin am new sk8s LOL :)
working with kiddies! :)
I have multiple personalities :)
Will sort out some for you later :) just off to cinema
alright you got your rain... now can I PLEASE have my SNOW?
:)
is Celebrating Inspiring People... Like ALL of Us :))) by Craig Kielburger   http://www.freethechildren.com/
starbucks always helps. :)
beautiful voice!!  Thanks for posting :)
Those shields are the worst...but so worth it in the end:)
Lee hurst I just remembered it :)
Thanks for the tweet about sponsorships & the site http://tinyurl.com/jdayukspon  mention :) Best of Luck !
Am i seriously in a room with two guys playing with dolls? Lmao:)
Thank you so much for your support! I am eager to work with you on both of our financial woes.   :)
Oh dear. I sung the praises of the advertising for Fable 2, so best of luck in that respect. :)
your welcome! :)
Doing returns always fun. :)
@angelbiscuit, glad you did too :)  you know I'm rooting for Boston!
Ah! Too cute ^_^ OK, will stop with the kitten pics, but I just couldn't let this one pass :)  http://twitpic.com/1zeqs
I have gone to your blog (chicktionary) many times just cause of twitter and you using it! :) Thanks!
new steve maddensssssss :) love life.
thats true :) but i dont see them for over a month :-\ but its worth the wait :)
kirchy poo :)
Hey saw you on Paul O'grady yesterday and heard about this website so thought i would join :)
Working extremely hard!... but taking a mini break to let you know... :)
got a letter from Clair, and it had polar bears on it. :)
okay, so was language are we speaking in, I can't even guess :)!
and breeeeeathe :)
 :)
If we were to do an interview, it'd probably have to go in the unintentional comedy slot... :)
That paper sounds swell!  :)
i just told him what actually happened and apologized... he was a good guy.  you could tell. :)
best mishloach ever!!! loveee it :) thank youu!
hi jamie, i tried out that recipe and it worked out a treat!! i'm really getting into this cooking lark now :)
thanks for the help tho... :)
has his son home safely from the hospital. Surgery went well :)
I can't complain :)
That's Awesome! It's great to read tweets like yours :) Thanks for using QuickTax & please let us know if you need any support!
bac home, resting & watching heroes :)
Thank you :)
hva var det jeg sae :)  140hk da snakker vi... har selv en 2.0 turbodisel med 140 HK... og prøvde osso 115 HK versjonen
hop into one of @Mike_Wesely's http://twittalk.tv shows... they're a lot of fun and you' even pick up great tips and tricks :)
thank you doll :)
But if we RT, that lessens our chances of winning. And by 'our' I mean 'me'. Cause I am your favorite. :)
fresco ja, toen droomden we nog van live video streamen via de mobiel :)
this one ? :) Toasters: http://tinyurl.com/ctmbrd
oh i wasn't complaining, just seeing some irony! :)
Sublime are taking over my life :) and i likes it!
Rosa León has lately made her way into my Last.fm library, after more than 20 years without listening her children songs :)
I'm going to be that mom. The one who calls Multiple times. :)
Just found a whole slew of models on Twitter by searching "Model Mayhem". :) that was fun. Wonder what else I can find...
I like slot of different music:)
I don't know that threatening violence against me deserves a RT?!! :)
love the new show nephew haa :)
that must explain the stock price. :)
wellll you get alot of followers in a day :)
No talk about price. But Apple usually == $$. The Mini is cheap :)
she was at the South LA shelter. and we actually just got her adopted!!!! :) i am sooooo happy today.
the shows are all coming along -- actually some are moving sideways -- while a few new ones are taking shape nicely :)
im going to sonic&partridge creek later on. I LOVE LAUREN KAYE :) shes a cutie,
awwwwww tht is great :)
Took me (and my computer forever), but Bay Rad10 pictures are now up on Facebook :)
I'm horrible at names-so, I'll watch tonight in order to get them straight and I'll let you know tomorrow :)
- http://www.prisonplanet.com/ - Thanks checking my updates!:) Smile guys!
I use SpartanUI on my DK.  It was crazy easy to setup, going to try it with my shaman eventually too :)
So schlimm wirds nich, spätestens beim Ka fahren bin ich wieder ganz normal und happy :)
theMATTER.....Love it!!! Cool beer too! :)
Look Clark Kent wears glasses and is therefore a unlovable nerd but Superman does not and is therefore hot. Duh. :)
just signing up so im new @ this :)
Now that im quitting cheddars, working doesnt seem so bad :)
Oj, fin og knallrund måne utenfor vinduet vårt. :)
OH! haha, sorry bout that then :)
you are back in new england? thank you for the temporary sun!! :)
That's the git I use every day, and I've never had problems with it. There's a weird git/ssh error but it's not git's fault. :)
bring it on... i do have a "mark as spam" button and i'll use it :)
You can definitely post on both sites! :)
http://tinyurl.com/ckyjff :)_
When you get home I'm so going to tell you a story about amazing strength... followed by amazing soreness the following WEEK:)
I hope it works out for you. I wear extensions like jewellery. Someone is buying. :)
You say that like it's a bad thing. :)
ich weiß jetzt wer da sein haus umbaut :)
technically, it's a property not a method... :)
you what dean thinks : "i like her... she says okie-doke" :)
just ordered 2 LARGE Pizzzzzzas:)
haha nooooooo thanks, we got our fair share of it this winter and we don't need anymore!! Thanks for the offer though :)
Yes, There are lots of great ways to heal ourselves. By the way- I host my own call nightly at 9pm ..Laugh with me any night :)))
arbeitet mit an der homepage für den JuLi Kreisverband :)
congrats, yo! :) those 2 years just flewwww by, huh? know what's next, yet?
valid point :)  SF has completely wussed me out on weather :)  I thought it was cold this morning LOL
:) djs okay.
danke. kannte ich aber schon :)
So IronSmalltalk is not going to have a manual to go with it? :)
Yes, I tell my friends Twitter is like a cross between a news feed and a chat room. :)
NJĀ.manu epastu jau tādas maitas nekad nezina,uzbrūk katrai zZzelmai, ko satiek, un pat nepačukst, ko vajag :)
i dont :( but its ok hehe. my parents said to contact your parents so ill prob do that soon. :)
slumped down on the office desk listening to some amazing music waitin for the footy to come on :)
:)
vbery well :D i forgive you :)
'choo up to?
x
I know that you totally know where I'm comin from though gav! :)
Dar din bautura? :) Cu ceai nu cred ca va fi acel efect mult asteptat ;)
I graduated from THE University of Alabama at Birmingham. :) And I'm a PROUD grad. Your wife is my new best friend. :)
Not a journalist, just a blogger.  :)  He was nervous about speaking to me, but I promised to not reveal anything abt his identity
:) i am little miss job ads today, aren't i? well admittedly the whitechapel one is unpaid, but...
ehaheh thanks for letting me know.  c'est la vie. :)
That beer looks *sooo* good right now. Where are you and how can we get such goodness? :)
Ich und Obama machen eben wirkungsvoll Reklama :)
Nooooo :( Wiggle it. Wiggle it xD Not forever. iPhone :)
YAY! :)
Bendy shapes after a meal mmm, could be interesting.  Hope it wasn't sprouts, think of the children :)
We'll make our own at easter :)
منو ببین چقدر خوشحالم چون که دارم پیپ می کشم:))
hey there stranger :)
hehe. sjølvsagt var det ein vestlending som skulle stille spørsmålet :) jepp. veldig hissig :)
I think I chose the next fabric print design :) Need to make a sample now :)
That call is ossm :) #MP3
YW- #9 anniversary, right? Here's the meaning in numerology- interesting! :) http://tinyurl.com/7d84gg
Matty I too have thus been unsuccessful at winning roll up the rim. Will continue to be optomistic dispite set backs :)
lol... :)
No problem. :)
I could stay in target all day. :)
hmm, try following me, that might work, if not email willaslettdraws@hotmail.co.uk :)
glad you liked it:)
what is a spoonie?  http://www.thespoontheory.com :)
Yeah you owed me that right... lipgloss is poppin!! :) I keed, I keed! Muah! Ha!
Yeah, I bet it's not hard to come up with a lot stuff to put on such a list... ;) It was on Twitter(fall)'s top trends today. :)
Mitten auf dem Siggi! Greebo muss aber auch nen knappen Tanga tragen! :)
checking out m music. Listening to i-pod and jammin! haha have fun texting. and chilling X-D  twitter me :)
are you saying it's gotten too political? :) -MeanRachel
are you saying it's gotten too political? :)
are these mutually exclusive options?  :)
still not even me?!? if i cant come in then how can i (insert sexual joke here) :) can i call you soon? (i like the rearrangement)
- Looks good! :)
пиксельная графика — это адский ад какой-то :)
Lekker wezen joggen... nu uitgeput op de bank :)
en realidad se llama darle follow como loco a los q pueda.. y ver cuantos te agregan... :) jajaja
aww its okay! almost everyone I know cares too much about that stuff. It gets annoying, I understand. :)
oxi clean is the best- it even gets metallic wax out of my workshirts lol sometimes :)
Joder, esto de que la mesa pequeña del comedor se pueda levantar no tiene precio :) viene de cojones para el portátil!
Thanks :)  Now to get all registered at BCC and such, if I can.. Maybe I should call a advisor first, ask if this is possible?
class of 2003! thank you! :)
depends if it's huge? hit it with a paper :)
Since we are filling up ( only 100 people) Bozeman Tweeps will be given priority. Just because its a local event. Wish we had more room :)
brown derby is ok...for the price Idk if it's my fav...when compared to jikos. Bt I was sick when I ate at brn derby so idk :)
yay cant wait, luv ur music :) keep doing what you do x
linda né.. :)
Sorry übrigens. Deine IM kam in dem Moment, als ich den Laptop in den Ruhezustand versetzte :)
i was just kidding...you should give it to dave :)
we have lots of suprises at Roblogfest:)
is oh so excited to see adele tonight.... YAY! :)
Thanks, but I think the credit belongs to Jeff, Dan and Alex on that one :)
Again, I thought that too... but feel out of ideas as to what my limit exceeding is due to. :) I'm just a bit lousy with technology
Those images I like! :)
Ni hablar...lo que puedes hacer es seguir el evento en streaming en blog.tikkia.com, y luego sé que nos encontraremos :)
Happy birthday! :)
this is #genius and you should make it so. :)
I was thinking of wearing hiking boots & packing water shoes (chacos). I'll do a test run, pretend I'm backpacking :)
Hello! :) Having a good day here, hope yours is too!
just got up. I'm a lazy bum on spring break. :)
woke up with a headache....maybe some retail therapy will help :)
“Bpm, fora mamãe... HAAHA” desculpe o comentário bobo, mas é tão bonitinho vê-la chamar Elis de mamãe :))
Podemos ir amanhã... :) Queres vir????
yeah it was top draw ta. A heavy one though! I'm glad Monday and Tuesday are now out of the way.....love to the wife!!  :)
Hmm, u tell me what I'm thinking, that I don't get it & u then throw insult about political sense.  & u r not dittohead? :)
 I am still smiling thinking about Chloe on the road trip w/ her tongue hanging out the window :)
Scheduling house cleaning interviews... 4:30/5:30/6:30 let's see who cleans the bestest :)
:)
daimanuel Add some fresh squeezed lemon for a nice change and cleanse:)
oh yes indeedy that sounds lovely! Added bonus: get to see Linda's belly :)
positive vibes :)
there's so much... i live right next to it and always find something new to encounter.   Food, shopping, lounges, karaoke, lol :)
Carbon for printing project? Do tell more :)
I will check this out. Thanks :) Although I'm not sure I'll ever be one of those people who gets jazzed about cleaning closets!
Amen, brother :)
la vida cambia del todo con el buen tiempo, es otra cosa, simplesmentes :)
I personally recommend everyone use Google Sync with their phones :)
 I tried Market America, great starting place, then I also found Stores on Line, now doing our own thing :)
si tu me dis les méthodes, je pourrai éviter. Mais ce sont tes collègues aussi :)
That sounds good. :) Thanks for responding!
Gundam 00 = LOL.  Going to go watch The Dark Knight w/ mom now, :)
On Jimmy Eat World :)
Sounds mildly interesting. But only if you rally mean it. :)
Kleerup is a diff artist.. but totally an amazing album.  Is even worth buying :) http://bit.ly/cTn2
you're very welcome.  i told you that sometimes pretty things are free :)
I'd give it a shot :)
Can I help anyone with anything? take a look at my profile and let me know (no strings attached :)
они все такие, шустрые - новое поколение. А я выше мамы на голову) Очень смешно выглядит, когда она мне читает нравоучения :)))
I don't care if someone reads what I'm writing, it's just fun to have a place to post a few sentences :)
Ahh..much better today, I thinkk :)...?? well, lotsss of homework tonight. AGAIN.
then winter sports awards banquet @ 6pm.. "/ bleh.
pour les cours de réseaux dans les grandes écoles, y en a parfois, ça dépend simplement de l'école :)
- yeah, just stuff your pressure cooker in your suitcase...no problem! ha ha! :)
Hmm, Roger Daltey is the spokesman for teenage cancer trust? Nothing like having someone the youth of today can identify with :)
I'm so gonna borrow that duck from you.... :)
that how I am it in my soul in heart:)
lo probaré :). Pero creo que es bastante seguro. Su modelo de negocio es enviar publicidad junto con los mensajes
I think you should. She has really good things to say :)
is singing away, and is on webcam to taz :)
Trying to figure out what Twitter is. And watching Dr Who :)
LoL:)send D enhancers along w.Teabags. Madison Co offers memory enhancer 2 leaders intax arrears: http://tinyurl.com/dhgoue
home sick all day.... perezhilton&general hospital sounds pretty good to me :)
ahhh sleeping late today? gnite! :)
 Clearly I need to learn how to spell it. Only one "c". :)
Organising 2moros dinner - this is what I'm no good at - being prepared ( I was never in the girl guides). But see I can do it:)
I know Trent only makes these songs this way because it reflects how he feels inside :)
Thank you! :)
debating on whether I should tell my wife I'm playing this latest contest or not... :)
home again now....soooooo,escape routes anyone?? :)
is glad the kids are having playtime in the pool :)
Gotta get some lunch, almost 3:30 already - then a couple more coats of paint! In the spirit of Hank Azaria in The Birdcage, "Adioth." :)
no matter your tortured reasoning, you can never choose JD over single malt :)
i get claustrophobic in it too! It will be okay your wifey can hold your hand:)
Haha. Just waking up:) My kids arent feeling good.ughh. I hate when they are sick
@garethemery: Cool, better than a dodgy airline! :)
just caught the tail of the Walt Disney Shareholders Annual Meeting Webcast...still Disney songs coming through :)
class over :)
How about a show about just how fabulous you are!? Living the Brooke Burke life... I'd watch for sure! :)
I think the same thing too; "too many to list" :)
I love the new picture! Hot!  :)
Wow  - bacon and acai. Interesting recipe. I may have to try the bacon chocolate before the smoothie - seems an easier trans! :)
tu e patolli! brinks, eu gosto de brega tbm :)
pai v-am invitat. Invitatia ramane valabila pana cand veniti. :)
There are times I'd love to ban some people from me blog. Lurkers they be! They do enjoy giving a ribbing in real life. :)
Sorry for other coment-humour isnt my strong point
I wish i could get my picture off Google-supose im just not cool enough :)
RT @innerchanges: Your imagination is stronger than your will power. (I so agree. Thanks for the tip :)
keke me too :) Thanks again for your post.
thanks for sharing....fiber is good for you.  will make you live to be 100:)
tasting wine and testing a site :)
OMG!  I love this idea!  Let me know how I can help!  Totally want to be a part of this! MEGA WOOBIE SMILES :)paying it forward
indeed i hope i dont have to go to toshiba section id be gutted, apple all the way :)
Wait it looks like H. Siritola is reported out of Rainy but here GPS shows here near the Steps and not moving!  Did it fall off the sled? :)
Oh right. Then I must be SMART!! :)
Yay! Terminator SCC lag im Briefkasten. Der Abend ist gerettet :)
No problem - I love sharing GREAT quotes/thoughts w/others!  Happy Tuesday to you :) ...
hahah thanks for your input, lady! :)
going to sleep! will continue to read tmr! i wont forget the meeting tomorrow! :)
Woo! Jimmy Eat World's Following Me :) I Hope That Will 'Always Be' :)
Thank you :):):).
My Grandpa was one, my Grandma was the other :) I have their support!!!
Nice, I could get creative with those! :)
I forgot how much I love not having school... Just woke up. TV time :)
 i have - thanks! :)
looking for Song titles with word "fire" in them, please reply with suggestions :)
αυτή η συναίνεση πολύ μου αρέσει :)
What a coincidence! I'm going to MY first NHL game tonight! :) Whatever Tulsa has doesn't count, right?
just caught this off twitter: http://tinyurl.com/buuycu not too untrue i fear :)
http://www.dstep.org/ ?? :)
Sure been missing  tweets :)
@a20s: Well, I HAVE TO go to Tennessee cuz, well, I want to!  And Kentucky is right there!  And I LOVE bbq.  :)
Tack :). Do most Finnish people speak Swedish?
Oh BTW, we have started a Cocoa group in Tidewater now too. So Ruby/Cocoa, that means you get to visit sometime :)
Nope....just mean :)
Yes, it may not be good for you, but live it up, right? :)
I like the image though. :)
Yeah, that's what I figured after sending the Q. Writing it made it clearer for me I guess. Thanks! :) How would you pass any error
about to put on some jeans. a tank top. some heels. go to kroger and get some cupcakes. then to mcdonalds for french fries and ice cream. :)
Jo Bro dates tomorrowww!!! :)
im going on crossfire now :) (a online shooter)
you're right... I've got them right where I want them! :)  #broadwayorlando
having a great day! :)
exactly! that's why I'll be working with them on creating an authentic SEO strategy :)
aww, i'm sure you are a very cute chipmunk :)
whats up girl :) it has been so long since I have seen you!!!
almost done with bio lab :)
Таки запустили мега-телескоп: http://is.gd/mKQW и http://is.gd/mKQr. Я почему-то рад, как слон! :)
oh Verry Naaiice. :) (said with my funny south african accent)
I sat in front of Maike, but I'm still not sure if she looks disgusted or not on this pic :)
Omg i love massages at work! :)
*raises hand sheepishly* Same here. :)
well ...am i entitled to a free ticket to the sold out show? someone told me this but i don't remember who? :))
Yep. If there's a way to get hurt, I'll find it. :)
hä??? :) ich meine den letzten Satz aus "Die Sanfte"
: Ciabatta sliced, generous garlic butter, Wafer Sliced Chicken, Fajita seasoning, bit more garlic, Cheddar, Red Onion, Mozzarella :)
Anytime buddy :)
#Duh! by me :) I don't play too often in Charity events~prob 1 a year~They have "prizes" for low gross,etc.~Mostly Golf stuff
And can't forget to RThank :)
pumped for The SLAM!  praying God does big things and creates a revolution of middle school rebels :)
Probably shouldn't Tweet in there either :)!
kolejne dobre combo - twitter + blogger :)
oh Lmao:) i thought it would send like details and shit:)
so tired but totally psyched for the game :)
RT @steveweber: Sure been missing  tweets :) - me and you both brother.
Na dann viel Spaß bei deiner Fastfood Woche. Bei der nächsten bin ich dann dabei :) (So ein Apfel ist ja sehr fast und food!)
You got it girl! Have fun in DC :) We'll see you at the next tweetup!
فعالیت های بدجنسانه ی زیر زیرکی. ( خنده ی ریز رو الان بیا.) :)
Heading to the Post office. anyone need stamps? :)
 just post your thoughts Mr Z and they will come :)
 My condolences. :)
awesome! :)
Is still figuring out this twitter deal :)
pretty much anything is worth $3, that's the genius of Amazons pricing scheme :)
:)
On the way to bingahmton for the big game! Nice two hour bus ride:) goodnighttt!
:) nah, I was serious. After trying klonopin for anxiety/panic/insomnia with awful results, I got medicalized last summer.
all of the above...find it interesting that travel shows ONLY show London, little else. Not going yet, but family :)
oh okay :)
Trying to copy your own logo? More than happy to help, but a bit more background information wouldn't hurt. :)
 OK, I won't pull out  the Okie bible of redneck  today :)
that is correct! I guess you missed what I did Sat then:) tweeted & ran 34trail miles in 6:36! My 1st ultra-woo hoo!:)lol!
got em!! I love you!! Xoxoxo  :)
Wondering if two extended grant deadlines in as many days is 1. A present from the universe to me :) or 2. A reflection of the economy.....
Son #1 back with full gas cans..back to work! See y'all later! :)
- I love Iced Tea, but the very thought of drinking what was in the article on Bubble Tea made me feel queasy.  Not for me.  :)
An upgrade for the web http://tinyurl.com/ckmgln Mentions HTML5 on which we are building our new editor - good sign :)
:)) re: http://ff.im/1r8MT
Hehe I welcome the return of short shorts and skirts to college :) at least theres an upside to all this freakin heat
:) ...I should be embarassed...but I am proud!
new camera!the bad day turned into a good one :)
Alkaline trio is fantastic running music. :)
comiendo Crema volteada!! YUMMY!! :)
Hates those times you get like 2 hours of sleep...haha but love fun adventures with big veronikah! :)
:))) Great cartoon !
nah, my friends will never need to fear me :) current katana craving brought to you by 'blade'. man i love these movies.
I do... hate it with a passion reserved only for... well... running! :)
I love Derry!  Awesome city+great fun at Halloween as whole place gets really into it!  I was there last year dressed as a punk :)
yeah you're really awesome for doing that! :) RT: @HelloVeggie: Good for you for switching to vegan =)
errado: fica Galop(eeee)³³(iii)³r(aaaa)³³³ porque se não repete todo um conjunto :)
Back from the dentist $283 and 30 min...nice fee!  Maybe I should rethink my "career" :)
I just got their leaked album and I'm on the fence. Apparently I was wrong though. Not coming. LAME! Unless it's a super secret :)
My thanks to and for sponsoring us a little more :)
My third graders are all bopping and bouncing to Ella Fitzgerald... Priceless :)
Picked the wrong day to have intestinal flu. almost doesnt feel like saturday. i said almost....:)
you always can make us laugh :)
RT @adamstrawson:Would anyone fancy donating to my private pilots license fund, I'll fly you around once passed :) http://tinyurl.com/b8p3s7
I'd say corageous and cool :)
Taking the dog out!! :) in Oak Creek, WI http://loopt.us/3Wg1ag
I guess not..now we're renting movies. :)
there's a Kennedy museum in Berlin :)
Awe this old man was like im too cheap to spend money here at thanks for your smile :)
Just finished studying myself. A cup of tea is going to be my reward :)
Keep calm :) No news is good news, remember? &lt;-You said so! x
@archiemc: have a safe trip. Thanks for keeping us updated. Hopefully it won't be -30 when you get home :)
Listening to take a chance on me on the radio...:and laughing to myself! :)
Getting my dane cook tickets on friday. If you wanna come Lemme know. :)
aw yay allie :)
of course; Im a Finch you know! :)
I want to take a class that talks about Twitter - all I have is physics :)
Got 3 codes now! :)
ff kort blik op de weg kijken en dan verder :)
yes. You can't "blame it on the boogie" this time. Blame it on Dr. Manhattan :)
 loved you on letterman last night :)
next time i'm at LM i need to pitch you my concept for the NW corner restaurant... :)
I was almost in that video. :)
Miriam, obrigado pelo endereço, vou transcrever nele o que tinha postado em outro lugar. Obrigado, também, pela paciência. :)
 Riots or protests? :)
Oh, and +1 on viewing nested folders! :)
I'd really like palm to let me test drive a palm pre :)
The branding issues across departments are much more political than technical. :)
:) what for a shirt you are wearing there?
I've been getting a bunch of what looks & smells like broadcast DMs. Anyone else? Don't DM me please. :)
i miss ur face :)
ohhhhhhhj.   I c ::). My story about the iron lung didn't help?
For some reason U2 has always passed me by,but i am loving the new album :)
vou seguir todo mundo, em princípio. Hei de conseguir. É divertido esse monte de gente legal aqui :)
o preço é bom!!! Manda para mim! valeu! :)
Heyy!! :) i'm doing good chillen listening to some music.  whats up with you
Você está fazendo sua parte para o mundo ter mais pessoas bem resolvidas :) Não é um caminho fácil, assusta, mas compensa.
peeps...my favorites are the pink ones...though yellow isn't bad either
Massive sugar rush! :)
I wish for a 4 day work week! :) What do you wish for? #wishuponastar (#disneysa)
Ooops....That last tweet wasn't meant for Twitterville. Sorry but I do love all of you! :)
boa viagem :)
follow the link in my tweet :)
don't worry :)
Giggle. I just got asked to photograph a friends band. Hehe. :)
just a 90%?  That's still an A, be happy about that :)
Demais sou eu amor, a tecnologia é legalzinha! :)
Go write!  Now!!!  You will forget what you want to write if you dont' start :)
I bought it. I'll play with it today. And YES!!! We'll see you there! :)
Hi sweetie, pretty good just busy and kind of exhausting! Hope you're well too :)
Riktigt bra och stämmningsfullt när det var bara pianot och du. Inte van att höra den låten så :)
He also said we are the eggmen; and he should know :)
Evening :)
Congrats on officially joining the BEST country in the WORLD!! The Gulf of America!! :) Citizen Gracie!!
u should start th*t service and call it black listed. :)
- may come spiritially...or twitteringly :) I am in Dundee tmrw, 6 hours train away... Hope u hav good time in London!
Very cool! I remember I received the pledge thing way back when they first started. that was my big excitement! :)
Just watched the Pre interview - great stuff makes me want to start Tivo-ing the show (and get a Pre) :)
 must better pic my friend :)
I need sweet. But, I guess I have that 1/4 pint of BnJ's to finish. :)
u dont know me at all!! I am the nicest sweetest person ever! :)
Congrats! :) Finishing a quarter early?
For a consultant, I sure give a lot of free advice :)  Ah, it's all worth it in the end.
With pleasure and thank you :)
when he makes the mugs make sure you get a percentage & i want one. :)
anyone need a roommate? I'm clean and easygoing :)
Didn't see your until now :) Texas Instruments is the place to be this summer.
- I am working out a cast on custom background images for TB. :)
 #Tweetea Wait, you're going to be there tonight?  I'm out :)
Contact them!  Or use your registrar's bidding system - see if they'll sell it!  :)
pssst, they're not really fries :)
Mr H agrees with you he just wishes we weren't going out in 10 minutes. Can you keep us updated :) ?
See you in an hour, Oakland :)
ohhh thanks will read it :)
got my Vegas trip booked :)
He, he will that be the blurb on the cover? Sounds good, well done you :)
Good luck with you art interview!
Cleaning my room so my best fraaan can come over :)
absolutely gorgeous work!! :)
see earlier note re me not knowing design :) I just want to funnel bug reports from ppl who do know to ppl who can fix it
if you drink it there might be some to share so I know what I vote for :)
like the idea of bicycle banners; saving up for a trike(lol)--I know a bit big for one, but there cute:)!
Sua muda continua aqui esperando uma carona prá viajar.... :)
Just got home - about to VC with Sam :)
sips, justo ese :)
Vendors that want to eat will find that they may have to swallow more flexible licensing models.  :)
Earlier today I saw a lady @ SBUX w/at least a 20" to 24" screen.  I was more amazed that she thought it was durable enough to move:)
my girl is fly.  http://tinyurl.com/cqgejr :) show love
RT @vanderwal: can someone have follow me, so she can see these tips? &lt; Gia, check out the tips is sharing on London :)
just waking up ... getting mentally prepared to go to work tonight.     :)
han frågade bara om jag kände dig. jag svarade ja, sa vart du jobba o att du var cool. inget mer ingående :)
Classes over for today! Can't wait to salsa :)
A chiropractor? Why don't you visit a real doctor. :)
in addition to coffee, cigarettes, and booze, I have had Indian food and sushi with wasabi to clear stuff out :)
να σου δώσω μια κάρτα να δεις τον αγώνα από απέναντι; :) πρώτη μούρη θα είσαι!
ihgitt. Ich mag Acer nicht... Aber was soll's. Ich bin ein Fanboy - aber stolz drauf :)
Mhmmm..Twilight is yummy :)
On my way to get my hair done in prep for sxsw.. Hopefully I can get some bright colors going on here :)
I'm watching the live #CRTC hearings on http://www.cpac.ca ... So no, I don't have text for ya... yet :)
I just thought i should let you know that Taylor Swifts album Fearless is one of my favorites:)
Grateful pour la gens qui parlent Francaise :)
aww you gotta tell me all about it. wish I could go with you :'( how many others are going? @charlieischark, are you going too? :)
Dia 14 vou actuar no Grande Auditório de Vila Real com o grupo "Aquarela". Músicas brasileiras e portuguesas com arranjos jazzy e mpibi!:)
blink 182 :)
Back from the gym! That was intense. Watch out for me Troy, I'm coming :)
Do we want to know where it was hidden? :)
I actually did not :) you were a guess by someone else. U might want to talk to - looking for a solution
Cutting Gabe's hair for Spring Pictures....then making dinner, all before the DAN! (Defeat Autism Now!) meeting at 7 p.m..  Whew!   :)
yay! "i love the recession," i'm guessing? :)
good luck with the baftas :)
que tal appengine? es interesante? me da un vendorlockinismo que no te cuento :)
petside-Victoria rocks. She made me totally get over Cesar Millan :)
just got a presale password for the Michael Jackson concert! I wonder who's going to get the other 3 tickets I'm going to buy??? :)
:) เพิ่มเป็นสองยิ้ม
haha yeah you're welcome :)
Well yeah. Pizza and beer is kind of a given, I guess. :)
yep.. dit weekend :)
My favorite pokemon is Mew :) It's such a cute pokemon!
Thank you James :)
There's a bunch of Canadian bands like that. Did you ever hear any Glueleg? :)
Souris :)
goodbyes are always hard, but i'll get through it :)
Grateful for people who make me laugh EVEN if they are Snuggie Haters :)
One more class then im done :)) my head hella hurts tho.
Is off to Another day :)
Ok, thanks:)
Great to see you on Twitter. How about a tweet. :)
I am sat here :)
lol it's on its side, so one hemisphere's on top of the other.  Rotate it 90 degrees and you get a nice left-right symmetry :)
have read all but that...waiting for it at library. May break down & buy like others :). So will tell when I read!!
you're welcome, thanks for visiting my site and contacting me on twitter. :) let me know if there's any features you'd like!
thank you! i didn't feel very "me" and needed a new pic. :)
just thought i'd save you some time :)    http://twitter.com/OfficialSG  ... your following a fake one eugh
You are quite welcome! :)
Извините, а почем D400 взяли? Спасибо:)
Hour studying modern done n dusted :) maths homework now :/ and getting dukie stuff ready!! How many t-shirts do I need someone ?? Xxxx
Watching  http://tinyurl.com/an3bbo - does  every actually talk about the web industry? Sawdust and cookware :)
#mw2 thanks guys! keep it up! :)
We definitely don't recommend using it 24/7 :) It's also not advised to repeat strokes over and over in the same area
Bad words I mean I would not post them here 4 letter words:)criticism is fine but insults through obscenity I think not do u agree
wahoo!  I was hoping you would say that :)
"cricket's exciting" the perfect oxymoron :)
lucky u. :)
Cleaning and packing so I can go home! :)
oh dear, join the club! :( i've got to tia maria coming round later though to keep me company, :)
yes.  :)
aw thx! &lt;3 lol I think ur short stry rocks!! :) nice job on it!
: hello (thnxs to guyoseary) :)
hey! Good for you! Iz happy :)
http://twitpic.com/1zfdo - :O Woww.. *cough* bobble head ? :L :)
Listening to "Blessed Be Your Name" by Tree63 on Pandora.com. Nothing like Praise & Worship to get things in perspective. :) *Praise God!*
Agreed, and thank you! Geaux Tigers! :)
Melting snow is my favorite :)  Working in not my favorite...
listening to taylor swift and john mayer trying to cheer up :)
http://twitpic.com/1zfh3 - so exciting!!!  :)
I love Nathan Fillion, and I loved Castle. It just replaced Medium as my late Monday night watch. :)
Eatiiiiiiing noooodles :)
That's a cute dog. :) I remember when you came to my town, Huntington, WV with Michael W. Smith.
i got a job!!!!! :) yay haha
I'm always worried when we go to Murrayfield as favourites, we don't perform well then. I hope Hynes isn't playing though :)
: ok, ok, i'll persist. I'll give it till the end of 1x04..  :)
denke nicht. wohnen weit genug auseinander :)
Click this link! :) http://ow.ly/MKu
@samhouston: Ah, ok. Was going to ask if it was a panel with @repcor. :)
Nicht jeder mag Torte :)
cute aren't they? :)
Seeking out interns to do my bidding! Muahaha! :)
Hmmm...bizarre strategy.  Well, I respect your judgement, so I'll give it a fair shake.  :)
Hey Ush How Are u ? :)
nice jeff :)
http://twitpic.com/1zfh3 - Welcome to Twitter Ellen. Please follow me!! :) Love you.
raising money for a new ebook reader eh? :)
my fav radio station is palying crappy music today, time to pull the ipod :)
http://twitpic.com/1zfh3 - Yay for you! We love you Ellen!

Look how many followers you ALREADY have :)
Welcome to twitter :)
Well, trip to France for French:) I hate packing! HELP.
lol... no no... this guy actually SHAT in his pants, ALMOST shat in his pants... trust me. Big difference. :)
listening to learning to breathe- switchfoot.. haha i got my mom hooked on them..shes always singing only hope :)
no i just take forever to realize what time it is :)
Always a pleasure 2 make the acquaintance of other conservative Twitterers :) There aren't that many of us out there
Thanks for showing me that - had no idea!  :)  So nice!!!
That would be me then!  :)
Waves to Kaz & Noonie :)
I thought you always said goofy things. :)
yessir you are :) or it's just blatantly obvious.
Wanting more ink :)
feeling sooooo much better! :)  Still not entirely sure what was eating me the last two days....ah wells.
working! and learning lots :)
Thank You :) We're happy to join Twitter and hopefully make it a greener place :D
I love gadgets too :))) Love your heart on your page :))) Melanie
Thank you :) haha.. finally 14 years old... :P WEH.. arrgh... poor you :/ But it's good it works now :)
boa viagem :) cuidado pra não derreter aqui :)
Would you be interested in reviewing the cat deShedding tool? DM me. Let's chat more :)
yay on the cake - hope you enjoyed it!!  :)
Hey! :)
Niece likes her birthday card :) I have uploaded it to my gallery: http://tinyurl.com/dn55em
just came across this site http://offmanhattan.com/ cool concept! esp hotel bars for catching manhattan skyline sunsets :)
Spore :)
mario paint composer! it would be a fair bit cheaper than buying a mac. i added to your little song by the way :)
ETSY CUTENESS!  you must click :)http://tinyurl.com/d9xac6
happy with punyurl? missing the old days of finding bugs on just launched projects? :)
hahaha. It's a moving pacman ghostie plush toy! a $35 value! :)
اگر دماغش خوش فرمه ، شمارشو بگیر برام بفرست :))))))))
Getting some feedback from my college mentor on my latest greatest idea for a future project :) Feeling good & creative today! YAY
zit inmiddels op de bank, thuis. Heb met Hans Klok in achtergelaten :)
yes, I was late to them but I like :)
Just got home from a lunch date with my incredible hubby :)
ah, danke süsse!! Wie gesagt, ich gucke zwischendurch mal rein.. und wenn irgendwas ist meld dich!! E-Mail, Telnr. usw hast du :)
Off to book club. How to tell them Steppenwolf (in my opinion) is pants? :)
:)
Put the db on dropbox. :)
Fuck that- just open those things and see if they're any good!  :)
http://tinyurl.com/buqdcm buyur hocam :) re: http://ff.im/1rayk
hi !!!!!!!!! please reply it would make me soo happy !!! :)
:) not sure I understand your meaning. :P
Spreading some bloggy love today! Always nice to share the love. :)
i'm in love with this song :)
had only seen a small part of that, thanks for the link. once you've figured out retinal implants, we'll ditch the projector..:)
I think I may have created a monster! I gave kitty some tuna! :)
amenintare cu bomba la otv :)) cam tarziu :))
ahaha ! I don't care :)
little late on the reply, but no thanks :) (via twitter.com): little late on the reply.. http://tinyurl.com/aaj82y
@elgecko, thank you love, I hope so... One day, maybe :)
You haven't worked in a place where community, marketing, and PR are three separate entities then :)
Oh, don't even get me started on the kids' meal toys... I tend to sneak them into the trash whenever possible.  :)
anyone have any suggestions on where to live in Oregon? :)  and good places for IT work?
don't do that :)
снёс патамушта поставил не на тот диск :)
avond:)
remarci cum moderatoru' era pionul lui vintu, da? :)
estou a dar em doida com o dia de hoje... a única coisa q me animou foi aquele beijinho virtual pela manhã :)
Just wrote a blog post for tomorrow about a cool twitter integration tactic. Maybe I should just find 2 more and make a week theme. :)
Just started watching it...it seems quite interesting! :)
Bem-vindo ao twitter brazilians! Conheça o Renato e deixe o seu recado: http://migre.me/74Z :)
has not gone to class all of yesterday and all of today :)
welcome to twitter rasha! :)
Thanks to everyone for the kind birthday wishes via Facebook and Twitter yesterday! :)
RT @wellnessforyou: is Celebrating Fun... Today, I am on a Seafood Diet... All the Food I See- I am going to Eat :)))
Pfeifhasen sind lustige kleine -viecherlis. :)
Meeting RJ at Chili's then going back to the (my)  cave to hang out. :)
:))
Hi my names ruby :)
im new on Twitter and I have no idea what im doing :S:P
i cast some of those Morris spots:) glad u like them!
viendo el partido. ta ahora :)
sounds like they either came through a compromised account, or an exploit in phpBB or Gallery - my vote: phpBB :)
Pretty shawl, but the bottom edges are going to curl.  May still be worth it though :)
I know...but the Snuggie has better advertising :) Plus 'Slanket' sounds more dorky.
MontBlanc Kuli verschenkt. Ehefrau glücklich :)
Take care and thanks for all your help today!  :)
Chicken, Guaco burrito. Yummy :)
looks like crisis had just hit me :)
I love how Arizona Iced Tea bottles have those grips for all your fingers. Ingenious. The little things in life are so fun. :)
Bon courage. J'aimerai bien vivre sur Lyon moi aussi et avoir un CDI webdesigner au passage... :)
Yes is going (he's standing next to me) :) I'm going as well!!
Hello everyone out there in Twitter land :) For those of you interested, I will have a sale on my rustic furnishings posted in a day or two.
Yeh I believe that most people get their good dose of stalking on MySpace and FB. Tweets are old school convo style! :)
After that *bats eyelashes* how could I say 'no?' :)
Hey, we on the leftwing like porn too :))
just hanging around waiting. It's Stevens birthday today :)
Thank you for the add back! I loved your Mexico updates. For a while there you were very close to where I grew up :)
regarding text2speach, signs layer with turn icons, upload logs to Gmaps, etc, etc :)
Gonna take a nap. :)
Ooh, very handy!  Shall have a read over lunch - cheers :)
I'm not sure I have a recent number. Call or textme today and I'll save u. :)
är på väg till Sälen :)
That sounds perfect. I might just do that. :)
thanks :)
We're planting trees for each book we sell :) http://tinyurl.com/au22gm
RT @VAEOU: "Key Components of a Clean/Readable Blog Article" http://tinyurl.com/ce8394 Stumbles, RTs, and the like appreciated! :)
sounds interesting! might have to google that :)
Ok, headed to the studio now. :)
actually did them. my mama told me not to paly with fire:) lol
kilroys breadstix !!! yummy :)
Chuck Norris punched Simon in the mouth with brass knuckles. THAT'S why he had to get new teeth:)
Yay. Just ordered Scrabble 2009 for the DS. Small things like this make me happy :)
will let you know :)
That's kind of what I think. I don't need super apps - I just tweet! :)
Is very happy for Tosin, congrats man! Bring on the gown :)
Oh my goodness!  What a delightful discovery!  Thanks. :)
im sorry
i tend to be a little distracting :)
#openbbc Lots of people saying we should open up the iPlayer codebase. I agree, but would like to refactor it a little first :)
I just work so I can go climb!: :)
Mac meetup in Luxembourg... showing Twitter to the crowd :)
make sure you use the "Wonder Woman" whirlwind to make everything clean :)
ohh... wow und das mit 98 Jahren :) meine ist aber auch erst 64.
Headed to the midwives in about an hour for my 38 wk apt. I wouldn't mind AT ALL if you prayed I'd go in labor while there!!:) lol
no no you should've! Don't let my lack of flower appreciation keep you from expressing yours!  :)
ready to chat :)
yumm!! i add broccoli to that BAM! goodness :)
thanks!  I'm glad you found me :)
my mom is a PURE snoop FYI :) currently on the phone and listening to "the climb"
naja, aber so schlecht wie das ochsenrennen ist wipeout nun nicht :)
It wasn't really a surprise, but he sent it on Friday, so I expected it a lot earier! So I was pretty happy I finally got it! :)
I could give a warning like that but all things considered I'm more interested in the associated Darwin Award :).
yes, finally, temp charges have hit my credit card :)
Oh yeah.  Three Valuum helped a little too.  :)
thanks i'll let you know how it goes :)
Registered to go to Mountlake Terrace High School. :)
thanks :). Yeah, definitely have a look at it again - there's been progress on several stuff :)
Kewl!  I could come up to visit you :)
'Hunger per se'?  (Gosh, I like a smart girl)  :)
Sammarco1770 - Good day everyone:)
Haven't you seen the commercial? Apparently there's an app for everything! :)
:) found a loophole
Cool, thanks for the heads up. I've been slacking on my blog reading a little :)
Cucumber for the win :)
my life is worth more than that :)
and I love a challenge :) and yes, I am just learning.  If anything, it has made for great conversation around here
Nice way of thinking of "accidents"!  :)
Doing data-entry. In arabic!? Don’t ask; I don’t have any answers. :)
Exciting! Congrats. :)
taking a break :)
Very true! If someone doesn't spoil their pets, then something's wrong with them! :)
new AIM screenname- ask me for it (privately, please) :)
Off to work....my life amidst fire and knives.  Sounds more interesting than it usually is.  :)
Listening to "To Infinity and Beyond" by Maarten Hercules... put me in a good mood :)
and i do use a large resolution but i like my pics like that :)
which song about boston?? Augustana? Dirty Water? So many songs about such an awesome place :)
That's awesome that you guys are traveling to South by Southwest. :) I'm planning to drive to Bonnaroo for the first time.
Ingus ir foršāks par Andri Aliču :) - tātad Guvernante!
TV kijken :)
no :) just something easy to grow  cheers matey
le ha hecho un roto a Cannavaro :)
welcome :)
said with the sarcastic grin :)
LOL..yes all protests...not riots. :)
Flower als Ersatz für Killzone 2 ist schon Hardcore :), viel Spass :P
Haha, I read 'cuter then penguins' and was ready for a discussion about that! But I admit: pecans are cute! :)
in "David vs Goliath" se poate inscrie si Goliath? :)
glad you made it to etech :)
&gt;:) Sabía de tu apoyo.
l'image en tous cas c'est 100% fake :) . Quand au concept même de sortir un nano, Steve a dit non : http://is.gd/mL7Q
auch das geht vorbei :).  wobei man automaten immer mal wieder braucht...
On for a coffee break @ my favorite place, and of course enjoyed the business meeting just a while ago...for AromaBoutique.com  :)
wow you're getting so much mac and cheese and tuna love :)
week going ok for now, need to major clean for #2 coming home on spring break, but hate cleaning, rather quilt and make mess :)
good boundaries...handled well...probably better than I would've done!  I'm taking good notes :)
hey thank you so much! I've been keen to get Bokmål complete given my personal history :)
i got a twitter because allerton high school hasnt blocked it. yay:)
Ohhh no, not again :)
 *Piep* Hi, ich wollt nur sagen das ich ganz deiner meinung bin :)
the temper tap!!! :)
Uh-oh... you're right. LOL :)
Working on charts and checking in clients, have alot of people making appts for 50% laser hair removal..... :)
went to 2/3 of them  when in Nairobi and haven't missed the last 3 in London ... I go more for the "atmosphere" than the game :)
The good ones do. :)
twitter is on fire, all because of Ellen:)))
Happy birthday!!!! :)
To remove and reinstall SeconedRun takes about 30 seconds :)
Finally changed my profile to say my name - people can find me now! :) SO excited to have Chris back tomorrow! Should be good
I just ate 3, 2 for me and 1 for you :)
:) 5 luni de la ce ?
Just ballparking it here, but ... with recipes? :)
Ask Randy. He knows everything. :)
don't you mean pint + food + Watchmen + woman = happiness :) [in that order of course]
come fly with me lets fly lets fly away :)
um, picture asap. thanks. :)
Apparently I like 10 types of men... attorneys and computer geeks.  Now, if I could just find an attorney that knows binary... :)
Just read the TechCrunch article. Owe you a big thanks. PERFECT validation for what we're building. Time to blog... :)
Wow, Abe handles questioning of their accuracy way better than I would! Guess that's the advantage of having no ego. :)
RT @VAEOU: "Key Components of a Clean/Readable Blog Article" http://tinyurl.com/ce8394 Stumbles, RTs, and the like appreciated! :)
 How do nutter :) x
but of course :) have a good nap!
Whoah! That was fast! Twitter is so powerful, isn't it? Trying to book award travel today. Been procrastinating long enough. :)
@pumåkinmuffin90 Aww :) whats on tv?
:)
I'm all but a vegetarian these days; I'd rather have pigs as pets than dinner :)
Think I wil play some Magic the gathering online :) Gonna test my new conflux deck. Its prolly not any good :P
Always Jim :)  I'm from Montreal too btw :)
eu não queria, mas vou ser obrigado a comer uma pizza agora... :)
ver o Liverpool - Real Madrid em Espanha e relatado por jornalistas espanhóis tem outro encanto! que emotividade... :)
hahaha Thanks for the idea! We'll let you know what we decide :)
:I am so happy the sun is shining again. :)
dia de limpeza no apartamento! quarto, sala, banheiro e cozinha tinindo! :)
is eating :)
@Ciara115. When you get your own, you'll understand :)
Sitting around thinking how great it is that the technology exists to tell people that I'm sitting around. :)
Is at therapy and doesnt want to be! Blah this woman is crazyer than i am! Going to the game  tonight and pretty pumped :) maybe seeing  ...
correction to last tweet, i meant to say THE person behind the Colonel. maybe staring at a screen all day is getting to me :)
wonder, what your students will say about punched card :)
In meiner Dusche riechts nach gut duftendem Männerzeugs.Find ich ja süüpér sowas!:)
Back from eye doctor. One eye is dialated so I can only read half of twitter :)
I wont dignify that with a response :)
is at work :)
Me iré a dar clase (:S) y a hacer quiz (buaaajajajajajaja!!! :))
Nice! Wish I could hire you. :)
Okay lots to respond too :) I hate them too, you can show me the words and I'll talk ;) ilyxxx
Hi Iris! I forgot to add you after meeting you at the Us Now screening :)
So Rebound eats his poop. Turns out that's what's making him throw up. Just thought you should know :) have a great day.
We are having cheeseburger casserole for dinner!! It's one of my family favorites :)
the days purcases: KELLY CLARKSONS NEW ALBUM (duluxe edition with dvd, obv) and THE BOY IN THE STRIPED PYJAMAS dvd :)
At ruths :)
Great post Ash!  made me chuckle :)
So it's true what they say about the camera :)
I'll collect on that marg one of these days :)
Thanks for your comment. Glad no-one's found it odd yet. More to come though :P And get as drifty as you like :)
Thanks for the reply. I am getting mixed messages on the dm when one follows concept. Seems some like, others don't. :)
Headed back out for another 3 hrs of skiing. Hope everyone else enjoys their day. :)
Welcome to Twitter Ellen!  We really need some laughs!  Still trying to figure it out myself! :)
nu mai am :)
aha you'll be AMAZING!! :)
Den, how cool i actually quit because it was so not me i was way too shy back then lol :))     http://TwitPWR.com/7Wt/
Wants to scream at the top of my lungs from the top of a mountain :)
Nacho Cheese! :)
:) I did have a dr appt today! They called me and rescheduled it! :) yay! So goin to cefcu to get my debit card! :)
Been lookin on google on shanghai.. cant wait :)
на правой уже не можно :)
torressssss :)
Şu anda öğrenciler tarafından BİLMÖK'ün en iyi konuşmacısı ilan edilen Dr. Faruk Yarman'ın video kaydını ele geçirmiş bulunuyorum hehe:)
just got the device updates thing to work! go mee :)
i dugg it :)
va tenter de prouver un truc, c'est pas gagné mais je tente :)
i'm innovative and great. i &lt;3 me    :))))))
IKEA adventure was fun :)
I am at home. Planning to start cooking dinner in a few hours.. but going outside right now  :)
Toch wel, maar dit is dan nog steeds leuk :)
torres :)
abou to walk my dog:)
I love you too!! haha :)
Hey twitter world!:)
bye girlie! kisses to my cousin vinny! :)
Middle age is when work is a lot less fun and fun is a lot more work. :)
I'm not sure yet :) Looks good so far. I found out I can import my etsy favorites and SORT THEM!! I was so excited, lol
thanks!! I'm sure we'll have people over soon :) It is in So. Co. so pretty much in the sticks to you ;)
Der hier ist für dich http://tinyurl.com/d4bemz :)
4.69 :)
I love all of the outraged comments below the pic "That doesn't even look like Ashley" LOL, your hair is much better :) x
If people don't like it, they shouldn't follow you. Just my two cents on it. :)
tks radio guerilla for todays perfect mel http://tinyurl.com/yuqczz me just happy :)
you are back, with a wonderful red nose! :)
ohhhh foreshadowing of socks! :)
getting ready for my birthday party :)
@glittertrixie: I'll trade ya. :)
How did the carrot feel about it? (occasionally valuable alternate perspective)   :)
banging your girlfriend...and she likes it. :)
If only you lived in Portland!! :) I would come over and offer advice like nobody's business :)
just ordered some new canvas gallery wraps for our spring wedding show :)
  No downsides. :)  Try it out and see for yourself.
I'm actually going to Forks in May :)
oh dat is mooi :) veel last van gehad? mooi iig dat t vanzelf over gaat :)
did i say dire 0-0... :)  this could be a cracker with madrid throwing the kitchen sink now
rt Ah forgot about that option :) RT @Inga_Ros: If you´re not getting older, you´re dead!
I think what you need is a little in your life! :)
You never know! Some people unfollow when you try to help them win something & some say thank you. ;) No more from me :)
:)
det var vel det jeg trodde, venter spent :)
we should start a website on the topic... the LinkedIn group I manage on the subject contains a few people :)
love it :)
catching up on yesterday's gadget show on fiver - yay for gadgets! :)
Servus, wieder zurück im dicken B? :)
Aquatica was great, I'm really tanned now. :)
koks, pepp. speed. such dir was aus :)
this one ? :) Brother: http://tinyurl.com/d3xfzr
la moto? :)
@ my computer editing and singin' some songs!...lalala :)
Haha, yeah, I've got turkey and vegetables, just nothing to put them on! It's tragic! And now I get the lovely bread smell. :)
Pancakes= great afternoon snack :)
коллекция подсвечников пополнилась еще двумя :)
thank you for putting that in the universe:)
is going to Sweden for a statistical methods course :)
Today was a beautful day ...... I'm happy :) I play my guitar with my fantastic friends, I listen their great music!! Good night Echelon!!
shoulda stayed at work with me :)
Eu avisei :)
Probably you will be more lucky than I was; most girls are :) I wish you success tomorrow!
How DARE you make us wait in an orderly fashion???  Are you MAD?  :)
I'm back!  With Panda Express in my belly...  :)  What'd I miss?
6 Down. This is excellent and almost makes perservering through all of the drudgery in the last 4 tests worth while :)
those are great sounds- especially the working engine :)
watching the football...Liverpool scored...Get on :) We can win this one!! xx
Allysons a gay ho:)
En el gym! A ponerse a punto para un importante encuentro :)
welcome to the GOOD side :)
- great writing on Dr Who :) altho I also love The Master ones!
ever have one of those weeks where you bite the same spot on the inside of your lip, over and over again? hurts like hell! :)
I am learning with you :)
Good, then you know what it is all about :) just ask if you have any questions - I'm a long time Vim user
watching Dog Whisperer before Bones, a bit of co-writing, and sewing myself a flower patch for jeans :)
Eu gosto de yorkshire, o  :)
my cop friend has a giant tattoo of the word "PIG" on the inside of his arm... can't say the boys don't have a sense of humor :)
i love your show and diddy was awesome.how about a 55in vizio tv it would be nice to watch u on it every am :)
 i love her, glad she's back. :)
awesome, glad you enjoyed it :)
focusing on some other windows for a bit... tweet you soon! :)
really needs to see if elliot james has one of these :) i do love him so very muchh.
ha ha ik volg maxime nu ook, kijken of dat wel mag :)
haha cool :) yeah, made sense :)
Thanks for your support! We always appreciate it :)
Is that what we hear from Members? LOL :) I thought it was OInk OInk
That's what we're here for. :)
hey miley!! i'm listening to ur songs!! :)
LOL yes. The f-bomb would be less offensive then eeek :)
Is happy that the office is moving into middle earth. Man are we geeks! :)
#Real Madrid is my team along with #Juventus Torino..:)
is brilliant. Discuss :)
i'll find it for you once i get on the computer :)
As soon as you can.  I'm sending tonight.  I'll wait for you to send.  Exciting about TV show!!  Call me later. I'll be up. :)
@figureskater99; lol well I have to add the raw sugar!  2 is just enough :)  but I also love the mocha and white chocolate!
@izmir-organisations party:)
congrats! So well deserved :)
ahhh That IS lame! I love twitter. I'm glad you found me. :)
Watching football, cup of tea, slice of coffee cake and guitar - I really love being home :)
- FOllow me! :)
My L.E.S. is especially bad today!  http://is.gd/lFBO Sorry :)
Unless you purchase the Mexican glass bottles :)
I got a 2nd round phone interview with TI.  Sweet! :)
U make presenting look so natural :) x
I have just finished another grueling 2000 word assignment and am now sitting down to a  glass of wine and some gooood music! :)
Anyway before I go all bloody deep on you, thank you so much for all your kind replies & well wishes & hugs etc :) Lovely Lovely Tweeple! :)
fb: Onur Ataman CIHANGIRDEYIZ CUMAYA KADAR :) 536 570 12 90.
I am heading for the train :)
nice one, cheers. Glad to see you've located Cake man @richardathome. #sheffgeekup preso due guys :)
brilliant - cheers:)
 woo i found you! .. erm anyways just saying that you were amazing in manchester last week :)  x x
i figured out how to follow from my phone! :)
-- ok, ok.... I'm working on my paper. I'm determined to get it done! :)
Wait... the dad that still owes me an Australian??? :)
is up from her nap. I am feeling slightly better. :) http://plurk.com/p/j0anj
ähem. 45 Jahre? :)
Take me to a club take me to a club..right now..ha I use to be obsessed with your song last summer when you showed imdbjbbb :)
Going running later. Maybe I'll take Jack and Nic for a bike ride down to the fort :)
yo puedo ser todo un amor cuando me lo propongo :)
If that doesn't work, it is time to drink Unicum from Hungary! :) Cheers! http://tinyurl.com/bn7b6o
Meu dedo em carne viva está me matando. E não posso cobrir. Nice :)
Weeeeeeeeeee que way!!!! Mi hermana va a venir a verme!!! :D Que ilusión :)
neste será dose dupla. De mesa no sábado, no Taulukko no domingo :)
thanks :)
well that doesn't help anyway I don't know where your workplace is either :)
Good luck and you will achieve it :)
!ole! Let's do this! Happy birthday :)
haha our govt is scared of many things. There are enough est backpackers in australia now to do a decent business i think :)
Sure, anytime :)
:)"Social media is like teen sex. Everyone wants to do it. No one actually knows how. When finally done, there is surprise it's not better"
:)
just attach a few college photos to your resume and then everyone will know how interesting you really are. :)
great new pic :)
Rep Scott waiting on the governor to pick up the phone. :) http://twitpic.com/1zgbq
desperte :) rica siesta
thinking will not get it done!! :)
Ashtabula bitch:)
two for two! baby steps :)
Tweet tweet!  Who likes tacos?  Whats that?  Tacos?  I think so&lt;:)&gt;
you have no idea how stoked I am to have a built-in friend in DC!  We can be mega-dorks together :)
Too late Ms B. I started logging the interview tapes :) .. but I promise Baghdad zoo photos will be up tomorrow
#mw2 yessir shakeejake :P lol jk m8 :)
Music man...wherever did you go? well, I hope you're having a great day! :)
Break time. Whoo! :)
ops, meu amigo na verdade eh o :)
welcome to my world!! :)
Watching PSUser TV, tell the guys "Copley" is pronounced like "Cop - ly" not "Cope - Ly" :)
New tab.  :)  I would love that in Explorer.
ah - just saw what you replied to. ... the DR event! :)
Seriously, the UN? I am trying to focus on the Whoopi angle to deal with it. :)
Also is very helpful :)
thanks! I sent her an inquiry :)
I use it more with other accounts for projects but for me, I love a bright desktop app where I can follow everything :)
I'm playing now too! just for fun though, don't worry :)
Photo: falconieri: photo post fail. hehe. :) http://tumblr.com/xqp1es9wn
ta' dike leyendo!! hey es por obligacion no es ke me voy a meter a eso dike de leer :)
Good afternoon Steve :)
Weell.. 
french homework sucks and im still bored :)
I've been watching CNBC today for some reason :)
Hi toots :)
#tcot Learn more about Surviving Financial Meltdown published by :)  http://is.gd/mLjY
About to peace outta this bitch.... For lunch :)
- I am up for the offer. Let me know the details :)
Nice, just came up with another project :)
Ordering bikini's and lovely kaftans for Bali.... 5 weeks today and I will be jetting off to sunnier climes :)  Makes me very happy.
you went on vacation with you bff lucky you i miss her ! i guess she's not my bff anymore sooo sorry i'm bored :)
Danke!! :))
Jamba juiccce :)
more details! :)
data devices to me are like underwear. time to get the kids their own data devices :).
Or a X-Files episode. :)
Hm, no...we're actually just watching Jeopardy, long story, but I don't think there's enough room in my apt 4 cntr pieces :)
Tracking went great today. Doing a few fixes on this last song. Then Barbara's for supper. Then home to my family :)
Ballet next week? Oui! :)
That made me put them on right away :)
It was, yeah. :)
:) http://phweet.com/ikMW test
buenisima :)
Welcome 'home' :)
I can't decide what to do this afternoon. Maybe I'll just play some WOW until I figure it out :)
Thank you, yes it is. :) xx
just watching your edit from Nature's Great Events with that Didier guy :) it's really good!
Preparing to help change the culture and mindset in a client staff meeting tomorrow morning! :)
Congratulations!!! :)
Getting bored... Listening to Kelly Clarkson's new album :)... I swear I've listened to it so much, I'm gona hate it in a week xD
Will chance it at the weekend so :) Cheers
hey! :) going good :) just finishing off a nice long weekend :) how you doing!?
I'm now a single child :) lol someone just didn't quite make the cut :p (my now step brother is lucky he's still alive) I'll give you that
:) glad it went great!
Is chronic fatigue syndrome a real thing? I have been *drained* lately. Since before the time change. And the Phish show. :)
Voltei :) Agora é pra ficar! Hahhaa
Back from vets, all fine - feel a lot better after getting a professional opinion :)
@DailyArlan: Both! :)
eating soup, watching telly and following the cricket, a good evening :)
Watching andra avenyn :)
I think the past tense of tweet is Twat :)
I do have her album! Did you know about 4 of the songs have been used in adverts? also there's no l after the babe in my name :)
youza! i'm there :)
In his 100 European cup game for Liverpool Gerrard makes it 2-0 on an cheap penalty. :)
Crossing my fingers for an art-commission. I'm hoping to haul in a big fish :)
RT @heatherread-- can GovSec booths get in on the "coolest" contest :) #FOSE
Oh dont get me started on FF! Its been a regular occurance lately! lol Feel like a teenager again!!! Our secret ok!!!! :) xx
ok googled - not quite the same as pixton though still fun :)
De mijne een jonge kale..........haha.:)
off to leicester, see some of you in like 6 hours :)
thats awfully nice of&#8230;: thats awfully nice of you :) thank you :) http://tinyurl.com/an8klw
blasphemy :) I did see the Caps play when I was up for #cpac09, fun team to watch #nhl #preds #caps
Ohh great! .. nu nog een graadje of 24 :)
http://www.sendspace.com/file/jlkmld &lt;--- New Mindless Self Indulgence remix! :)
Just used his health insurance card for the first time ever :)
do people still ask you say "indian"? :)
Off to take a walk on the wild side with Motley Crue. I haven't seen them in 19 years!! Rock on! :)
Stevie G! You little beauty!!! Dunno about the penalty award though to be honest... Will definitely take it though :)
No problemo :) Much like spreading the joy of Drupal I also spread the joy of climbing.
в ШЛ има един отбор за гледане :) максимум два (ФК Подуенски герой;) )
So excited, the a/c works in my car!!! Waited til I got within walking distance of home to try it, just in case :)
About to add Elliots Mommy :)
listening to kaytes CD thanks man :)
Itching my eyes like an allergy-riddled nerd and reminding myself why it is I try to avoid laying down for "short naps" during the week :)
Im hurrrrr LOL .. girl woke up late today lol had a meeting then another then another LOL back at the office finally :)
One of the best blog days in Lipstick & Lace history :) Guess my last post is a hit. Check it out: http://lipstickandlace.wordpress.com/
im so jealous! I wish i knew she was playing. I read about the Bowl performance 2day :)
i can be a Philly-area sports blogger, whats up? :)
hoping that randomness and weird takes over the world &gt;:) (wtf)
Looking forward too enjoying the remaining weeks holiday :)
is chilling with sean cas im hard:)
love to hear more on this life changing stuff :)
precious, beautiful and perfect. i wish you both many hours of bliss. think of me when you do:)
It's not possible for people from Wisconsin :)
I'm so proud of your dedication:)
RT @johndyer: RT @RyanSeacrest: RT Chuck Norris can gargle peanut butter. // happy 69th chuck! &lt;-- Chuck Norris never ages! :)
i think it's Liverpool who are giving them a going over, not the other way around... :)
Unglaublich! Sogar abends muss man sich mit seiner Chefin rumärgern! Wo bleibt denn da der Erholungseffekt des Feierabends? :)
Hey sweetie pie :) *hug* How's my total remission girl?
NERD ALERT! :) RT Man caught doing 110mph on I-90 floating bridge. Was in hurry to make bid on eBay. http://tinyurl.com/cptve3
or maybe you owe me one? :)
Hehe widzę, że czytujemy te same blogi :) pozdrawiam
AWWWW thanks :) am so proud of my makeup line. Lots of work gone in to it and I must admit I blummin love it all.
Welcome to Twitter,hope you have fun :)))
I think everyone that reads this is bored :).
I was just trying to do that :) hope the attached mail program doesn't interfere with name and id's, thx for the info
Good luck for the interview! :)
just got home, sweating in this 80 degree weather :)
what happened today? so many new followers? Thanks to all of you :)
I guess I can't win if my fav. shoe is currently an Evolv... though I am in the market for some new approachers. Guide Tennies? :)
oh ok tell her i said hi! at least veronica is gonna be there :)
I find it ironic that I lead a married Home Team, yet still somehow get the FC Singles Newsletter sent to me :) /unsubscribe
thanks, i may just do that :)
Exactly. Belief/Focus.  The only difference is I don't attribute it to something outside of me -- works just the same :)
Oh, Little One. It'll all be worth the pain. You'll see. :)
Patricia Kaas asked Maxime to become her wife after concert-review,eurOut is now owned by Beate Uhse, hm...no,nothing important :)
I have the book Ask & It Is Given & love it also. It came with a free CD of one of their lectures :)
Dat is waar. Zal er nog eens over nadenken. Misschien is het toch wel beter om wel te doen.(Of hou ik dan opvallend weinig over:))
Thats a nice thing to have said to you :)
Valeu!! Ia ser um puta show mesmo... :)
my 18th year is on its way! :)
Thank you, it's my solitary aim in the Twitterverse.  :)
  Nonono.  The minions bring it because they have to.  The worshippers bring it because they *want* to.  Much preferred. :)
а как я хочу налысо..боже мой:))) каждую весну-лето хочу:) но уже старая..толстая..да и просто урод:)
Aww boss~ It's okay, I took care of him &gt;:)
besides, with you on your knees and me on the bed like that, will have options :)
Whoops...there it goes...how convenient!  :)
RT @UrbanLifestyle: Sweden rules the web! :) This is why http://snurl.com/djcws
http://www.buffalonews.com/185/story/602744.html LOVE the last line and yes this will soon be the case for me too :)
at your next library visit you have to look for a book about the internet published in the early 90s! amazing colors and effects... :)
What a day :). Tue, 10 Mar 2009 16:22:06 -0400
Hi. I'm Andrea :) i am drinking red mountain dew which is the sex.
ooopss...gotta go get my son from youth club...still looking fwd to Madrid! :)
yo quiero... Podrias comer un poquito mas a mi saluuu :)
n-dubz in 3 weeks :)
uploadin ''Fired Up'' !!!! :)
check the blog in 20 mins!!
disneysource1.blogspot.com!
yum! peanut butter m&m's sounds killer right now :)
:) RT: @kevinrose: this is one of the funniest clips I've seen in awhile, sooo true:  http://bit.ly/gtH2T (via via (+6,443)
comi una deliciosa ensalada con pechuga :)
Finally back home in Seattle! And there is snow on the ground in places! It's cold here but sunny :)
hi Tom :) i've been on Egypt and it was amazing! The country, the people and the culture are amazing and very interesting. I loved it :D
heh ce coincidenta :), nici eu nu am fost azi :D , momentan trag de un beck's, dar mergem maine, nu?
вот от куда у девушек такое трепетное отношение к татуировкам? :)) http://ff.im/-1raZd
this is going to be good! :)
I have the bestest fiance in the world :)
is relaxing befor she go to the Comedy Show tonight :)
Dans, så det gick bra. De sprang och köpte batterier :)
So Mexico is good?  No disasters?  I almost don't want to know, but it seems that you're having fun, so that's good :)
#flylady ds2 wasn't in the door 3 minutes before he was singing happy birthday and blew out my candle :) now he
Hi, Sue! So my Twitter account was more than a little hijacked today. Other than that, busy but good. :)
RT @Orrin_Woodward: When you get to the fork in the road, take it. - Yogi Berra - Any action is better than no action.~ note to self! :)
rumour has Juve have scored :) #lfc
ello mate! :p :)
YAY.. Twitter time. :)
puh! jag blev nästan nervös där ett tag:) http://ff.im/-1raZo
http://twitpic.com/1zgqi red stitching and pretty sleeves :) now it looks more femine, as appose to something i might have worn to bed
my first twitter!! &gt;:)))
 Oo have fun making noise :)
Haha fair point :) Personally I like new phones too much!
lol twitter addict :) havnt got to the point yet lol
På vej hjem fra hockey, købte en ny gadget på vej til hockey, for de fundne penge:). Twitter et billede lidt senere :)
yay!  p.s. You looked great at the Famosas Conta o Cancer thing :)
I'm already there like 4 times over. :)  I'm on my 5th ebook righ tnow.
Hi Lisa! Thanks for following :)
:) being happy
WARNING: a moment of shameless promotion - love #Milky :) (via @littledictator)
I'm back from lunch. Wasn't so bad :)
Neida, det er bare frem til en logo er designet! :)
just got back from the film festival orientation :) i'm so excited!
Today has been such a good food day :)
It's trivia night! And i'm going, for the last time till summer :)
http://twitpic.com/1zgus - Swinging :)
Call me if you're around this weekend! I'm on spring break and flexible. I'm also puppy-sitting :)
IMAX! you just gave me an idea. second time around to see #watchmen but on a bigger screen :)
lol same here. But for ppl that have an aversion to sweet, baby steps are needed :)
:) My pleasure!
great find! Wow, how do you know the things I would like?:)
just told I'm "cold-hearted". it's true! but only when your homework is late :)
A sign that spring really is coming...baby bird shells everywhere in my front lawn :)
Hablando sobre diseño con diseñadores :)
tu stii programare? :)
Paris :) 
have you completed the collab. btw i got sarah grace in XD
ha ha, you're terrible. I will try to cope on my own but thanks for the offer :)
1 - Sametime. And I would rather have it in a separate window if possible :)
woo hoo! Got my federal. Waiting on my state. :)
LOL oh good :) Also, why is your "website" facebook.com? lmao
The power of kindness: I just had a yr old speeding ticket dismissed from my record for saying "Please." --- no joke. :)
shower! :)
ooh thanks :) i will hunt them out now :)
Twittering once again! :)
ignora intrebarea de mai inainte ca ti-am vazut profilul de pe LinkedIn :)
you use @ when it's not a secret and you use dm's when it is :) I also use dm's if I plan on having a longer conversation .
I would LOVE TO..but unfortunately I will be working...but when I drop off the money we can def talk :)...
you know it :) Wandsworth's very own microbar the other. - are you cooking the whole octopus??
Contemplating on how I can shine my divine spark bright and fully see the beauty in every divine human being! :)
I'm totally entertained by my guests who refer to themselves as " Beauty and the Best". Now I want to have a fancy nick name :)
Good luck! :)
off to the salon :)
How about having a design competition for eetemplates? :) You can integrate the winning design into EE.
 You to! :)
Kollar the mentalist o dricker cola :)
Welcome to Justia! We are glad to have you :)
Have joined the 'Prezi club' having just been accepted in private beta of Prezi :) Now to dive in &  create my first "zooming" presentation
 yes but chrome just s...s   most of the time :)
Check my flickr acc for pictures :) http://www.flickr.com/photos/itzemirz/sets/72157615075466598/
Watching elektra :)
I don't want to, I don't like her! :) My old account got deleted. :( How are you?
Your workout ethic is inspiring.  I have to make up for slacking off over the weekend.  Also, I need to burn off those mojitos... :)
My mom got me popsicles! But they won't fit in the freezer! Guess I'll have to eat them all... :)
yes i did miss my appt at 10PM missy!! And that's why you and Mr. Joel are friends, He's real cool like me!! :)
 Didn't understand ur comment sorry :)
hoop trouwens voor je dat je emailnotificatie hebt uitgezet, want je aantal followers is zojuist verdubbeld :)
'Everybody have fun tonight. Everybody Wing Chun tonight.' :) we're back
i love you :)
Only five hours of work. Somebody text me. :)
is doing nothing :)
just made his first twit :)
Oh, thank you for sparing me the wrath of angry feminist :)
hey great bio & thanks for following :) u r 1200 mi too far away, otherwise i could visit & see for myself how awesome u are :)
ois :)
Still looking for a moderator for tonight? What would one need to do? Til when will it run? I'd dm, but you don't follow me :)
La caballería ya me ha traído provisiones (tuppers XD) para unos cuantos días :)
LOL...nice! I will pass that on!! :)
&lt;geez&gt; I just ate so much Choc fudge cake wow if it was JB I would be babbling on the floor:)
living the good life - no job :)
Watching Ellen:)
Listening to: Hardkandy - Moonlight and testing TwittyTunes :) http://foxytunes.com/artist/hardkandy/track/moonlight
I am doing simply *marvelous* 2day! Am ready 4 the summer so I can enjoy the sun again. :) You?
Watching the Birdcage with Mikey.  Love that movie! :)
Tweet Tweet! Can't wait for the show this afternoon :)
no problem. I saved you from showing up tonight :). See ya Thursday
can anyone tell me if there is a golden corral in Michigan? Never heard of them, but sure doing a lot of local advertising :)
*kus* lief :)
this one ? :) Yeah Yeah Yeahs: http://tinyurl.com/bamc5w
Sounds yummy to me :)
aww thank you :)
Jamie, I'm driving; Donna's Twittering. :)
LAUREN IS A TWITTERER NOW my life is complete. :)
updated their site http://tinyurl.com/alb64o - spelt wrong  :( - or do we?  :)
hey you watch what you say about twitter :)
takinn a nap :)
 You're pretty no matter whether YOU'RE inside or outside :) LOL
 I also like the fact that I am not staring at a screen and tearing my hair out! :)
I love seeing someone put #jobs out here.  Makes me want to put down the slit-my-wrists-over-the-economy blade. :)
wondering where r the fine art twitters, I've found wonderful fashion, music and design twitters come join us :)
Glad to help  :)
Psyclon Nine rocks! http://tinyurl.com/azkm2a Best kind of music to listen at middle of night :)
Llevo algunas semanas recopilando "las mejores ideas de los visionarios" para salvar a la prensa. Debería hacer un post :)
I am my own worst opponent for running for office so you can send all donations to me :)
Enjoy :)
: got my allotment of Girl Scout cookies.  Mmm...Thin Mints.  :)
going to see Dirty Dancing tonight! woo for cheap tickets .... :)
can't stand this cold weather...somebody give me a beach and a frozen beverage! :)
Welcome to the world baby Blake! Off to see the new mom and dad! :)
looks good :)
 I'm relieved to hear that.  Hopefully I will get to go Kayaking sometime this spring.  Its on my list. :)
:)
I like that one!!! :)
Yes, I know the nose is digital. I am having digital breathing issues with the nose. Just joking around a bit.  :)
yey for you! and thanks for the kind words about me on your blog today - you made me blush :)
congrads my darling :)
Awww I heart YOU!!! Thank you :)
Selena you are pretty much my idol & when I found out you loved FTSK I had a little bit of a spaz attack. :)
... proč ?,udělal jsem test na 100% a jsem v perc(neco..) na 95% a předemnou 0% lidi; perc.. je % pořadí takže tak :)
Klausos radio swh "Lielo vakaru" :)
Interesting #squarespace fact = our offices are one big RECTANGLE :)
mi new fav song :))
i'm 16 and a senior :) but I did my jr year in a semester. I understand. It kinda sucks I graduate with a bunch of people idk
I cannot spell tonight :) Dinner almost ready so night all and catch you tomorrow !
Greg I got your pic thank you so so much, I did reply to your email first thing this morning :) xxx
uploading a new video on youtube :)
аааа :) Ыыы прикольно :) у меня работает скролл двумя пальцама (и вертикально и горизонтально) аааааписюнет :) осталось только найти зум :)
painting it burberry for neds and emos. if i get a cinquecento its going in mono. :)
I gave in to the pressure...and joined Twitter...LOL :)
Hi, sounds like you had an awesome time! Don't you know anybody with a Delorean? :)
is a rare species of lamb who practices the art of musical combustion and perplexing sonic interpretation :)
the portions here in the US are huge aren't they... I have yet to actually finish a whole meal :)
if not, maybe we can bring our own :)
hooray! Thanks for the push. I needed that :)
going to work. :( but on the bright side the beach is only 3
 days away!!!!! :))))
Same here, let's give it a try :)
montary jack cheese burgers, chips and salad for tea :)
yes, trying to show my colleagues how fun and engaging it can be :)
I am in complete agreement with you! :)
صدقني يايوسف فيه ناس ما يحبونها :( للأسف :)
[-O] to pass all the exams in law school :)) one good wish http://tinyurl.com/cccxkq
most people will absolutely disagree with me about TDK...  i'm used to that though, everyone's entitled to opinions and all :)
LOL :)
absolutely, have you got some questions for me? :)
oh boy, it smells like spring.. :)
LMAO, you're adorable.  :)
Just got my Hava video streamer can't wait to start streaming tv to my phone go Chuck.:)
I would love to do that on March 17th :)
Awww how sweet :) But my cat catches lizards, hes a Pit, I'mma need him to upgrade to squirrels lol
 I still enjoy film too but digital is so immediate and sharp. Use whichever works best for you. :)
i love you eoghan ! :D. ive twittered about eoghan loadsa times , alex ,will you make him reply hahahah :) . alex your amazing too :D
Standing by! :)
Off for a bit. Have fun tweeties :)
Thanks! She seems to really like him. She was all giggly! She had to leave a few minutes ago... I dunno! We'll see! :)
ok, cood. Thanks :)
Titania is glitched again with the cookie grabber. Just a heads up :)
Agreed!  :)
practice til late. DISTRICTS ON FRIDAY!! watch out lions here come the flames! :)
RT @yarolo: Uwe Wöllner sucht eine Freundin :):):) genal: http://tinyurl.com/4p63cj - Ich mag Uwe's direkte unkonventionelle Art !
Does the app flop to the floor whenever you happen to bump into the phone? :)
is in computer class and needs to go pee:)
If i could follow you twice i would, i will attempt to help you though :)
Peripetiile mele in timpul calatoriei in Turcia, cateva sfaturi v-ar putea fi utile:) http://shanticurly.wordpress.com/
Hehehe. I just also ordered myself a free Guitar Hero World Tour guitar. CBA with cadets so I'm sitting camming with Joe :).
OYE! OYE! loll listening to some bhangra...i love bhangra music...BALLE! BALLE!! :) lmaoo
happy birthday aku :)
#ringorang Too many late hour questions.  Let's get them earlier so I don't have to stay glued to the computer :)
:) i cant wait to give you a hug again tonight
Vurderer foredrag. 22 igjen av 61. Skjemaet mitt gjør at det går unna :)
Haha, I wish those "turds" would just stay in their own bowl and stop fouling up the rest of the AT house :)
hola :) soy nueva aquii wiii D=
Thanks for following me!! :)
Thanks for the informal Internet QA/QC folks! :)  I look forward to the Triangle SXSW Meetup tonight http://www.lovediesubmit.com/meetup/
Tell him Happy Birthday for me! Are you going to make him a Friskies cake or something, or just a present? :)
liverpool 2:0 half time.  come on the reds :)
Hey Jakee! Hows Puerto Rico? :)
always dirty, never clean :)
40 days till ap :D
Lucky! :) I'll be on break this Friday. SO much work to do tho. So where are you spending your vacation? doin anythin fun?
that's gay! Oh well :) e-mail pics instead :) or tweet them!
People Need....Forgiveness. :)
SUPERB first half! :)
jajaja como te lo estas pasando, jodio :)
is sooooooooooo excited about tomorrow when stephen finally comes over from ireland for good :)
New basement room passed insulation inspection.  Hanging 36 sheets of drywall is in my future.  Anyone want to help me carry it in? :)
siiiii! :) #profilbild #neu
http://twitpic.com/1zh3s - Same shot as earlier today. About 7 hours later. Can never predict Denver weather :)
at home trying to clean some. then picking up my bro at baseball practice :)
you're gonna like what i sent you bc it has cool "grown up" stuff.. But some rad 2 yr. Old stuff too :)
Hold down the button between the centre and the menu button for about 30 seconds. It should restart. :)
Czechvar or the Budvar please! :) Also, Weiselburg would be good but I don't think they have a US distributor
Nuuu!!!! Sa inscrie repede Juve, ca daca nu... trei zile nu mai vorbeste un prieten cu mine :))
Figured out solution for Twitter cap. Unfollow major news organizations who aren't following anyone, then add friends who are following :)
leaving the office, heading out to spend the evening w/Toland boys :)
i have my hands on the dream album :) about to listen
Wow, that is amazing Lauren - you deserve it :)
I'm getting ready to teach class (MS Exchange 2003) The work has just begun for me :)
Actually I think I'll look into what I was going to do in the first place before I moved in with my sister... narrowboat, canal, solitude :)
Ya casi termno mis pendientes! Creo q hoy me voy temprano a casita! :)
You mean Escape Club? :)
aaahhhaah awesome, i'm not surprised. we should have a coffee soon. when you dry off. :)
Thanks. Built from scratch! :)
I got sheets to TAI dye for curtains in my room :)
.So.At.Last.
I am a Risk champion. In high school my history teacher actually graded us in the context of a tournament. I won :)
is heading home early to avoid encountering a second blizzard today. :)
Подсмотрела у в фоловингах @yellowdream. По-моему, очень хорошая девочка с классным ником. Привет, Оля! :)
WELCOME to Twittter!! and big THANK you to Diddy for introducing youu! yay! love your showww!! :)
crew practice done!...going to help my mom cook dinner bc everyone knows she needs the help haha :)
Looks like I'll be taking lots of notes at SXSWi :)
Depends on how fast is you hand :)
in an indirect way, the latter is running on Terracotta :)
oh, in frisco. Stonebriar Mall. I love that mall. :)
Nice to see featured in the article! Nice work - You're a rule breaker!! :)
Ha awh bless &gt;.&lt; It's nowhere near as bad as ones like we had at school.. It shall be fiiine my lovey :) When you gotta have it?
fb: Alemsah Ozturk Heyecan basti :).
I think you should just smile and set out to prove them wrong :)
oh cute:)
baby carrots are fun to eat :)
stocking up my etsy shop. Getting my groove on . :)
Freeing my mind :)
I hope we help the kids learn about the world and put a smile on our face in the process:)
I don't have to say nothin' I don't want to. Or that I don't know is the truth. That is the truth, ask anybody. :)
I like both Wall St. and Sesame St. Telemonster= Most Wall st. News lately, Oscar the Grouch, etc. Balances me out :)
Dont worry ry ill help you :)
I'm so glad I'm not the only one who saves stuff like that! :)
fucking insane why would they do that :)
The Leprechaun remix :) http://bit.ly/7ANZ
Your words are such a light in my day! Reminders I so desperately need -- in the best kind of way :) Thank you!
flies in a blue spaceship of imagination. :)
- hahaa, i wish i could take you with me dude! And pshh, JLS? I'm the one that's jealous :) xx loveyou.
well you'd have to be as cool as me for starters. :)
 KU is the only college team worth watching in basketball, but I'm partial. :)
this blips are really annoying :)
:)
*lach* schön formuliert, "Links selber raussuchen" - aber zumindestens danke für die Ankündigung :)
doing homework over looking Central Park:)
AIM ranks Robert Pattinson #6 hottest male celebrity...love it! But what do I love even more? Johnny depp is #5 :)
doe je twitter updates via sms :)
thanks :)
We'll get you there... :)
waiting on daughter to wake up from her nap before going to get my son from his friend's house then heading to walmart. spring break! :)
enjoy it :) so jealous! Take pictures :)
Yes!  A private chatroom for pathetic social hermits who can't deal with real human people.  Welcome!  :)
é só beneno! LOL :)
aww i think Folksy is for UK sellers for now, but maybe in the near future it will include international sellers :)
Enjoying a nice cup of tea and a hostess cupcake! Haven't had one since childhood! Boy, they are still just as good! :)
Sorry!  :)  I think it came from an episode of FRIENDS I watched last night...
With pros all at sxsw, I'm wondering if this might actually be a more productive week without all the socializing :)
Everyone keeps saying its windy. I feel so left out. There's no wind in Papaikou! :)
eveningg :)
i've got myself a lovely mug of tea ready to record an LP part. cheers :)
hey tweeters! tell your friends to follow and we'll give you a special treat. :)
Thank you :) &lt;3
Right, but will they count your response once the answer has been posted on the winners' board? Guess I should ask them. :)
Yeah go ahead & update the pic, so we can see what you look like today. :)
Haha, até o vitoria de setúbal tem direito a Twitter. E o euro milhões. E o trânsito na A1. Gosto deste mundo! :)
I ordered it yesterday. :)
Great Article! Well done babe!!! :)
Sshh! Comcast is on Twitter:)
I guess you're feeling not as good as a million but at least better than a dollar :)
Takes a while to stop writing cd all the time though :)
Heading towards the Britney Concert...cant wait, im so freaking excited!!!! VIP bitches :)
Woohoo dinner with my love and then biggest loser time!! :)
hi there.. do you go back to Madagascar much?  I realized my twitter was a great source of getting info. :)
About to go to Service Learning today in a few. I so hope it turns out better than it did last week. I have high hopes for today:)
Leaving the video store, gonna go home and get on twitter!:) just joking..gotta clean when i get home..gross..
Tegner og lytter til podcasts... Mhmmm :)
Thanks to all of you, then! :)
I will take note of that. Thanks for the heads-up man. :)
nah...pink shoe fairies..wearing tutu's and tekkies :)
loving this weather :)
seriously
i hate school though :(
that mug rocked the house!! sold for 2,000! I am so proud of our fellow Rockstars! :)
editing a new video :)  .xo
i love quintinnnnnnn:)
Awesome! And thanks for coding your site so its BlackBerry friendly :)
yes! you dont travel nearly enough:)
No hair cuts yet. His grandparents keep riding us on it. But he's just too cute with all that hair. :)
#dailygoals 5/6 Done - created twitter bkg for client (hoping for good feedback!) :)
watching ELLEN
favorite show ever !
shes hilarious :)
Most definitely.  :)  I'll be opening a new site soon.  We'll have to cross links/ecto-streams.
That is really fun. I bet Ms. Jablonski is very thankful that the mix-up didn't happen when she ordered something more personal. :)
ooo lala!:)
Watching the game as in the good ol' days together with my dad. Football you gotta love it :)
wow, that was fast! now I'm an even bigger fan of yours:)))
that's the band. he has it on his website. :)
I may be @kerath's designated driver, as can't make it. :) Will probably see you there!
I can be the lucky comcast bunny :) and I LOVE etsy!
El borrardor del nacho esta buenoo :) pero yo tambien tengo que hacer mi parte ahoraaa. Soy una irresponsable.
Hell yes, NPR on twitter :) Now following and @nprnews
I would just like to say, your new site is brilliant! Much much better than the old one. Videos are lovely too :)
http://twitpic.com/1zhan - Sally is dainty :)
I love laffy taffy too!!!! I havent had it in so long! and yes its great for you!!!! At least that is what I have been told! :)
- Um... Hang on... http://tinyurl.com/ba5879 There ya go :) Makes me very very happy :) teehee
Read the PR. Can you help me connect the dots. :) I'm having a dense day.
Awesome article! :)
check your dm's when you wake from the land of nod :)
I've had the peach salsa :) yum
Live music in ABIA today, gotta love the Austin airport :)
 yeah im back all in one piece  :)
still can't believe we were hit head on by another car.  I was told bad things come in 3's.  I hope this is true! :)
unfortunately- I cannot blame Apatow for Role Models, but I can blame Paul Rudd. LettheRightOneIn is out today. Yes, I squee. :)
Booked my Brighton to London train for £3 advance.  Love cheap trains :)
Lets talk :)
Going to a Jars Of Clay, Brandon Heath, Revive and Third Day concert.  FREE at Stonecreek Church!  LOVE IT!!!  :)
HIGH FIVE TO THE MOCHA LAURAAAAA!  :) xxx @Laura_ra_ra
thinking how amazing YMA6 were sunday in manchester :)
and thanks so much for your prayers! my sister is doing well and thinks its so cool that she has tv star praying for her :)
 Yes, please. I'll take 4 lbs of sunshine, a large rainbow, and a pair of unicorns (preferably with pink pedicured hooves) :)
Thank you for your kind words! I look forward to following along with you :)
No one can ever slow me down.  I'll stay unbound.  :)
Ohms Law, Physics and anything inside the hours of 9-4 is my time knowing I could be anywhere else :)
music at work makes the days go by so much faster :)
we will be glad to have you :)
I was there on Sunday shooting :)  check out my blog!
wondering how this twittering thing works anyways...and seeing if it is worth the time since I can't even clean out my email Inbox! :)
Yes ma'am! :) I think I'll know by tonight if I should stay or if I should go.
No. "Jealously." I was getting up out of my chair ready to come over and steal your whiskey, all jealous-like. :)
loving sam!!!!!! don't you touch my boyfriend his mine!!!! :)
"Yeah Charlie! It will Be an adventure! We’re going on an adventure Charlie." Pink Unicorn :) I had to quote it some time...
working on a new press kit pdf style...thank you creative husband :)
Getting ready to fly to Seattle to be with Dr. Casey Treat at his Vision Conference. Seattle is the city of Starbucks, Microsoft & Boeing :)
Twittering in church?! Sounds like the pastor is bored haha :)!
Let me know if you want anything :)
Thanks  for a really interesting Skype chat just now. :)
Good evening/morning/afternoon everyone :)
Go! You'll feel better for it! :)
Having my girlfriend miss me gives me mixed emotions: :( :( :) :( :) :)
I hope you don't mean hair perms! :)
:) Deci te-ai prins... multumim
oh yah. best birthday ever (sarcasm) thanks though :)
Good to hear Nick, nice when things like that happen in this day n age :)
Veni, vidi, vici! Guiei em #Interlagos e não senti nenhum pingo de medo. Fui de câmbio automático, mas assim mesmo o coração bateu forte. :)
Thank you - call them hijacked messages. :)
true..I tried to make your day a little better :)
Is going to attempt to gain some color by doing homework out in the sun :)
Do you think Plummm.com is a good place to post a listing for a book tour sponsor? I'm trying to be efficient and effective here. :)
that was an awesome story! thanks for sharing it. :)
bah - the cheek of this boy! Poo is that rain comin in :)
nem eu :)
thought those might be too girly for @tatrtalk!  :)  although dh enjoys the occasional trip to Ikea.
Woop-de-doo, sketch recordings sound really good... got a new one half done and ready for producer meeting :)
madridjani su skroz pogubljeni :D neka, i treba :) heheheh :D
el de los fractales? pues felicidades :)
Yay, just purchased my WD Klean Kanteen water bottle. You can do too during Global Awareness Week! March 23-27. Yaaa. :)
O būtinai reikia legendinių grupių-dinozaurų, kad grotų koncerte? Juk yra daug gabių jaunų talentų, kurie moka groti. :)
setting up backup of http://altnetfr.org on amazon S3... just in case :)
Nee. Maar Le Comédien had wel humor :)
3 half gals, is that of milk (or ice cream :) & is it for kick boxing?
ich kannte mal eine hotlinetante von alice und die hats mir verraten. okay mittlerweile ist sie vielleicht 18 :)
i do indeed like carrots but that was not why hehe. just had a great weekend.  :)
Hmm :) Eu tenho um portátil da hp de 15'' para a faculdade e um tablet (oferecido) de 12'' (nem sei bem para que serve! LOL)
thank god....i didn't think you would ever stop :)
Thank you :) When the Dr said your results are normal my bloke said oh no you are mistaken Sarah will never be normal! lol
Sophie back in her basket. She's been asleep (bar feeds) since we got back from swimming...bless her :)
you are just mad at me because you can't go to SXSW :)
All guitar players lust after their heroes guitars. I'll have to dig up some links to some "higher end" stuff. :)
usually, u can go with facetious :)
, detaliaza :)
May I suggest a remedy? http://tinyurl.com/dj2l7k makes you feel good :)
RT @ijustine: Anyone have success installing Leopard on a PC? Definitely want to try on this :) you should start by buying a MAC!
fallafe avocado and frozen frubes are the future :)
is going to the north shore!!!!!!!! yeaaaaaa!!!!!!! my brother is AWWWWESOOOMMMMMEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!! yay but i have to skip v-ball practice :)
Thank you for letting me know! I didn't realize you could access parts of BrainPOP without the subscription.  :)
HELL YES! Strawberry with graham cracker crust! I have no idea where I first tried it, but it's freaking delicious. :)
I applied for a deck online! Still waiting. #akoha I will help you complete missions in the mean time :)
Uh, schon 991 Tweets. Mein 1000er soll auf etwas gemeinnütziges Hinweisen. Hat jemand Vorschläge? :)
please follow me back; want to ask you sth via dm reg. DisplayFusion ; absolutely no hurry :)
haha great to hear!!  :)  Hey you should check out @StuartDonald, he's a chef friend of mine down here in 'Bama :)
I actually bought a sweater which can be used as both a sweater and a (short) skirt yesterday. 2 outfits in 1 :)
Welcome to Twitter :)
Thank you :)
Thanks! It was a fun crowd and performance. Only wish it could have lasted longer. More to come... :)
YAY glad to know another fellow believer :)
Thanks for the shout out on your site! You have a slick looking magazine and blog :)
@glebis, думаю, твиттеру неэффективных усилий стоит этот джаббер-контакт содержать. есть twitter api, присоединятесь! что-то вроде того :)
Girls of Geneva eh..won't someone think of the paintwork! :)
been playing this game all day http://www.kongregate.com/games/gaby/zilch thanks to :)
well... i am going home. next target  - not fell asleep on sofa but go to bed directly :)) tomorrow bunch of tasks to do. love my job.
balcao é o meu estacio: apaga o sentido dos erros que faço  :)
die fehlenden leds werden immer weniger :)
some shit on friend's tv.i don't have a tv.will buy one when i get a ps 3 :)
I have fond memories of New Haven! :)  Love Peppi's Pizza!
Happy to meet you and look forward to getting to know you in Twittersville.  :)
Ive never had jetlag.. but I think alcohol helps. :) My new job is awesome! I wish they could move Leamington closer though! xx
RT Stockholm.se, bästa webbplats offentlig sektor :) http://twitpic.com/1zh32 Grattis! #svpt
works great with parallels! :)
Ah, missed the tiny poll. :) I was expecting a post like this: http://tr.im/hdG1
http://twitpic.com/1zhes - nice :) wish I was there!
well, it tasted good; not sure about all the sodium! But hey, it was an attempt at healthy, right? :)
I hope you got that email I just sent. :)
SED es una aplicación de línea de comandos para buscar y reemplazar texto en archivos con expresiones regulares... :)
ooh got'cha :) lots of people are starting to use twitter now so i thought i'd see what all the fuss is about
you know what would make my birthday?  Your vote on the KCRA A-List for us! :) http://tinyurl.com/akofda
Just completely disected a dryer in order to clean it (1.5 hrs.) and to everybodies surprise it still worked after re-assembly :)
Thanks to everyone who responded to my Twitter/college/job question. Overwhelmed with responses! In a good way :)
that is my favorite kind of tea. :)
wish I coulbe be there for the drama :)
Thanks- They are all better now. I am left trying to play catch up on life :) That's motherhood.
http://twitpic.com/1zhk5 - Me sporting the horns after the ACDC concert..:)
I saw your post! :) U must be coffee low...Lots of coffee love! :)
Enjoy. :)
Ok, it was a leeetle funny :)
Sure! sorry it has to wait for the wknd, but we'll figure it out. :)
http://twitpic.com/1zhlh - My Girl me and my sister at the 50 CENT concert..:)
It does! And it does, although he's probably more famous for being in Gavin and Stacey :)
I didnt know you could do this. RT @ijustine: Anyone have success installing Leopard on a PC? Definitely want to try on this :)
It's amazing what can be done from bed! I balance my checkbook, fold clothes, do my nails, all the basics are better in bed :)
I suppose you could send a sternly-worded email, but you'll probably just have to wait it out. :)
I think 90% of your Twitters are about how cold it always is and/or how you are dreading work (or something at your work) :)
Hello!  Adorable picture :)
Hey, evening's been great! Not drowning. Today i'm working late by choice :) How are you?
Just had a surprise visit from my daddy! &lt;3 Always nice when family drops by. :)
it's an unassuming Italian red, that was 4.65 a bottle or three for a tenner - an offer I couldn't refuse :)
RT @Mister_Roy: Got your flyer through my door, admire your multi-channel approach :)
ну в дальнейшем только с этой пометкой буду слушать :)
voy a bajarla por curiosidad solamente :)
RT @superaffiliate: Launching a product with and (hopefully) very soon geared towards newbies. :) Fun Stuff!
Shame it's not out in the UK til 2010 :( I'ma have to make a Summer trip to the US I spose.. :)
what, UAL's "air traffic control"  explanation not explanatory enough :)
Right did that..send me a bag baby !!!!  :)
better than yesterday :) one day at a time i guess
Glad you guys heard my plea! :)
In my hometown until Friday :)
jajaja.. con pritt??? hubiera querido verlos :)
You just don't like video games Luke Smith. :)
Nice to see you! How's it going @ http://www.tigweb.org/ ? I am looking for work... would love suggestions. Let's do coffee?! :)
is at Ryne's :)
no worries. :) you'll love every minute of it like i did, and still do ;)
Keeping the fever down is super important after shots (which I'm sure you know) :)   I hate vaccines-thinking about DAN! drs
I forgot how much I loved garden state :)
i'm sure u r good :)  u should do mine too  :) hahaa
Thanks for the follow!  Let us know if you would like to add anything to our #EZTips!! :)
she definitely will.  Good thing I'm quick with the "remove tag" option! :)
Para parecerem aquilo que não são. :)


Is that a euphemism? :)
hah! yeah. I'm on the internets and such :) welcome! it's cozy, right?
seems like it, they only want the best you know :)
this one ? :) The Kooks: http://tinyurl.com/bqfd4n
:)
and some of our beat stories are on there... since they fit well :)
New vBlog (1 of 2) no.37 is up now :) Lots of NEWS...I look SO nackered (eek) but feel like a zillion rupees! http://twurl.nl/rbahzf  :)
Cool-I shall continue doing that then :)
yea....well ive got mine on saturday, come with :)
Gerrard :) 3-0
Orrrr, go out and buy one! The money does go to charity afterall AND you get to 'pick your nose' :)
noted..:)
Of course not! :)
if it's so big that it needs training, you've made it too big - it should be broken down. :)
going out to work today! this is odd :) but good...
You are welcome! :)
As my son would say " Mom you are twitter pated"! :)
Hey... are on Twitter!  Fun stuff :)
Would you like to exchange links with our site ?
Please let us know :) You can never have enough links, especially when your site is new
Hey. How's that look. :)
Steven gerrard! 3-0 to Liverpool after 49 minutes :)
Do u want to go to my friend? ill make an appointment for u right now :) what time?
~ going to "Blues Alley" in D.C. Tonight!! :)
Deshalb gucke ich auch bisher noch Pro7 :)
you gotta love twitter it's soooo good.. i wud say more powerful for our business than facebook :)
I'll set you a place! :) No one else likes my cooking! :(
http://tinyurl.com/aq3t77
Bem o Real já foi, resta a Juve e o Barcelona me ajudarem :)
John makes me smile :)
Ei que fixe! Good for you! :)
Glad to hear SF has a Green Chamber of Commerce! With the Chicago Climate Action Plan gearing up, you never know. We can hope :)
It absolutely does; anyone who says otherwise is a pseud. :)
Just negotiated with a radio station for air play!!! what a rush! haha :)
I know they are, fair play to them. I'm just a bitter Arsenal supporter :)
it is good to hear some people do...I have NONE!...you give all of us hope!! :)
i am getting ready for life group to launch tonight! :)
 http://twitpic.com/1zhpi you are looking so cute in this picture :)
new ipod. 120 GB of space. I need some new band recomendations :)
thank you. will look into it:)
yep I'm coming tonight! this is my first - kinda fun :)
- you have no idea but one family out here are friends of mine so they may save me :)
are you twittering while your chillen out by the pool. very classy :)
bought the new chris cornell album today for the mp3. i love him :)
Hi to all of my new followers:) thanks for stalking me. *BIG WAVE* looking forward to the tweets:) *WAVE WAVE WAVE*
O ou o Twitter? :)
Naar de sneak geweest! Was wel een leuke film :)!
cant wait to hear a new record. you're one of the few artists i run out and buy the cd the day its released! EXCITED!! :)
lol! Hmm, difficult! Probably good for all really :) nothing worse than grumpiness caused by tiredness!
da, dar vezi ca Real inca joaca. :)
heh, not for your neighbor :)
Les ich da richtig? Nur noch mittel? London is doch saumäßig geil! :)
yes yes yes :)
I have given into temptation, and am no longer a twitter virgin! Cool! :)
Emmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm...........i liked your old username it was cool :)
surely having tea and ice lollies contradict each other - Hot and cold??? :) xxx
What a day :). Tue, 10 Mar 2009 16:54:08 -0400
 thats actually a better way to go. It is an acquired taste:) I spend a lot of time in the gym and on a bike and need the extra.
Congratulations - unless you've been taking random photos of strangers hands...! :)
Centralization is definitely a benefit of the Ning chat just wish it wasn't so horrid and I always prefer a client app :) GL!
LOL.I am with you, Deann. There's nothing a glass of wine can't solve :)
spannender Film :) #the nameless
oops.  UnTOPpable. Forget I was here. :)
don't know the whips role in #ableg so can't comment. Human multitasking is a myth though. I knw many disagree, but they're wrng :)
Heh, don't even joke about such things. :)
I love that place.  Great, fast service, and when you say "Hot hot" and wink they really know how to make it 6/5 stars. :)
haha yeah, but at least you had the big stuff down. And at least it was water and not say... red kool-aid :)
Eager to get tomorrow and general sale over with. just want the right feeling afterwards! :)
 http://twitter.com/Vegimentary As a vegetarian, you might dig it :) He also has same/foodimentary, greenimentary, & winamentary
* {-webkit-transition: all .75s ease-in-out;}
oooohhh check me out :) (via @Malarkey, @_iain_)
LOL they probably also need to get out of credit card debt :)
excellent...congrats:)
Oh gods...Chipotle for dinner again. This is turning into a bad habit. A delicious bad habit. :)
Totally :)
http://twitpic.com/1ze8w - Congratulations :)
Awesome! If you'd like, you can join us at our homeschool writers group at  http://bit.ly/131DWX We can motivate you! :)
sorry for the typos, sometimes have a hard time fitting into the 140-char rule :)
i think we are doing pretty well :)
That blogger is a frigging hot ticket!  Thanks for the link.  Totally awesome.  :)
I like the bangles, myself :)
Thanks!! wait... what was a good call :)
http://twitpic.com/1zghh - She's such a beautiful woman. :) Very classy, which I love to see in an actress.
RT @AngeZanetti: Celle là , peu de gens l'ont vue :) http://tinyurl.com/ahuaxf
going on the cover of SI and saying "You can believe in me"...how is it possible to blow that out of proportion? :)
welcome to our EthicsPoint twitter update stream! never be afraid to let us know what you'd like to hear. we're listening AND talking :)
try google :)
Now we're talking - time to stop paying my TV license and lose the TV! :) http://tr.im/hdGT
Why stop at 2?  4 is better.  :)
http://tinyurl.com/cv8qv6 my new desktop picture :)
The whole 360 site gets me riled up!  :)
Naturlich. Well, probably not the film anytime soon. :) But definitely the digitals.
o sorry, stecke gerad in der geo challenge - wollte basti das spiel mal zeigen :)
Okay, I'll be back in a few. I'll be reachable via Twitter text on my ph if my brilliance is needed. :) lol! I could barely get that out...
Cute :)
For ASP.NET MVC views? It already does. That's why I implemented T4 :)
Did you get anything good? :)
Congrats to in his new "Venture" :)
I liked the previous one more dmitry. Anyway, all yuor dseigns are super usable and clean, so thumb up anyway :)
Randomly chatting with some old guy in the doctors office. Time to get my cast off :)
Evening all :) how we all doing?
Favourite forgotten electronic games - http://tinyurl.com/alnjlm Nintendo Donkey Kong Twin-Screen brilliant :)
baking brownies for thhhhe party :)

EFFFF YOU, girl.
Fists in the air "I AM THE SMARTEST MAN ALIVE!" Nerd Roar (Though problem was pretty obvious in hindsight, still took an hour to find it :)
Multiple winners or a couple of days you could do two chanced to win instead of one. That way its not only weekdays :)
ran an die Pizza :)
Going to change & feed H, then meeting hubby at park to play. :)
I personally think you would make a fantastic rapper.  :)
your BBQ ribs rock. Wondering how many tons of ribs were consumed there. :) Met you in person once. :)
всемь лень писать просто :)
Van Atta High came out w/ their new EP today! Go get it :)
I have absolutely no idea how this happened but...good morning everyone :)
today a big change happened in my life. It's funny. You can't control life, no mater how long you try. I'm off to drink with some friends :)
It was the Thinkin' Hat!  I knew it!  :)
http://twitpic.com/1zc2x - You don't know how much I wish I was in NY right now :) haha
just finshed the rawversion a log..i feel good :)
Equivocarse y callarse para no retractarse es de pelotudo... si uno tira data errada u "operada" tenes que cambiarla :)
decisamente adora Tim Burton :)
neurological occurrences that can be replicated with the use of machines. i.e. I "zap" you and you'll have a vision of God :)
Fuck it, I'd do it anyway :)
got a 79 on the Poetry ISU, not bad and has an in-school for co-op tommorow yay :)
zoeken is niet erg, maakt de tocht des te spannender :)
ya know, I work cheap...  :)
but if they wrapped everything up then there wouldnt be anything for another series and 1/2 :) x
i found a profile pic i can use
a bit of fiddlin wif it to remove the other person in case thy dnt wnt 2 b in it n ive got a profile pic :)
wat voor opleiding wil je gaan doen? :)
@robert_payne:  thought you might like these I make as you seem to be a fan :) No news on Torchwood at the moment http://ow.ly/MSe
I'm getting an Honorary CLIO during their Emerging Media Awards, pretty cool :)
Im a highway star. :)
Thanks!!!! It's soo good to talk to the lambs again :)
:) yes I'm that old, could've been reruns along with mork and mindy!
Excellent. :)
love your new avatar....:) Thanks for the atta girl earlier! Made it thru and am still smiling!
Now it works, it took a while :)
Day out sounds even better :) Hm, when you're working so late do you at least get the chance to sleep in the next day?
Love it DER MAME IS GEGANGEN :) http://is.gd/mM01
" Mis understood your twitters sorry I luv the Emerald Isle used to live there"--- Ahhhh I am sure you have a great broag! :)
me too- i hear you :)
don't we all :)
Bye bye :)
it efinitely. hang in there. g'luck! :)
NITE! :)
is still listening to Radiohead, but also praying for a Gillingham win ... or even a goal! Up The Gills! :)
Less than 15 seats left for WordCamp RVA - You *must* have a ticket to attend, register now if you want to have fun with us :)
Had a fun filled day with lunch out by the lake and getting my cup of flowers :) then played some WoW - all with my awesome big sis!
Just being dramatic :)
i wish you luck. :) i'm trying to stop right now, but it's just difficult xD
aww shit scratch that! haha i got it :) i love online mp3's.. i love zune marketplace :)
The problem is, very often we are not "smart" enough! That's where LUCK makes you look smarter? I'm thinking out loud! :) Cheers.
happy birthday!!!!! Hope you had a great one :)
Also, I didn't design Gilded Age, that was the work of the hard-to-follow person before me. I'm just announcing. :)
I didnt get enough sleep last night & that test we had to take today was boring. but @ least we didnt have to do work  :)
oh well, guess that means more time to focus on baseball :)
lol, it's popcorn. He can't pronounce "pop" correctly. :)
énorme la blague :)
Please MAKE me go to the gym. :)
That's why I'm not sure about this video thing. Back when I was on the radio I could pick my nose if I wanted to :)
Bubble tea on The Ave. :)
sweet - we love these bottles but only have th 5oz...i'll order some right now!  :)
is headed home. Good evening Rackspace. :)
always looking for help :)
Hey! I've thought of you, happy thoughts... :) Do tell! Why the skepticism?
lol - writers write, right? :)
Went out for driving practice.
:)
typo in your tutorial page - sterling not stirling. oh and its not it's in the tweet 25 mins ago. (sorry, I'm an editor :))
I know her not being there wasting your time and making me angry takes a lot away from the experience of the show, but you'll go.:)
Sure thing sweetie :)
well we'l just have to hope :) Id love a picture, id b too in awe to hold a convo with him im afraid!
I didn't know you were Jewish! (Or is it along the lines of "everyone's Irish on St. Patricks day?") :) L'chaim either way!
Giffffin u guna follow me or not!? :) just bin reading the girls nite in book.. u was reallly against blogging .
Pre-orders before beta, heck, before monthly pricing set?  Yeah, I think maybe no. :)
some post offices are open as late as 7 or 8. Check their website to see hours :)
RT @TheLetterM: and sometimes programming seems no different than songwriting :)
Bezig met een leuke nieuwe rubriek voor de site! Nu tijd om de laptop dicht te klappen. Bye :)
oh that..well it doesn't matter cos i some more now :)
What can I say? I's bad at keeping up with cult comedy. Missed everything that was supposed to be funny in the past 20 yrs :)
Ignorance is bliss :) glad you had a fab day!
Thank you :)
Hey Alex! Missing you here at IQ Solutions! Hope you're having fun :).
see you at 5.  I'm not performing :)~  just hosting this time-  I will leave the heavy lifting to ya'll this time..lol
Vote for Adam tonight ! :)
true that. :)
work? :)
often with disastrous results... :) RT @rands: A nerd will attempt to escape boredom at all costs.
somehow i feel like drinking after giving blood could be dangerous :)
Man you are having a worst week. I sure hope things do get better for you:)
Max Brady is HOT! Days of our Lives time :)
had to watch this before i left work. going shopping tonight, and left out a coupon for these :)
When did Steven G. change his middle name? :)
Currently programming more stuff on the template editor :)
wish I was helping with party promo:)
I appreciate that you "sing" to me all day.  :)
Fantastic :)
*crinkles nose* ewwwww! I'll clean it up, even though Grandma doesn't even use that bed, haha! :)
 http://tinyurl.com/bl7e8l "Wellworths" opens tomorrow! Is there a lawsuit brewing?? :)
Oooh very nice. Don't know if I can be bothered to drag myself down to the bar to watch it. Just too comfy up here :)
that sucks but enjoy your pain meds!! hope it goes well and you feel better soon :)
off work. Time for subway. :)
pretty!! :)
Really need a bag big enough to carry my tripod around.. so why not make extra for etsy? :) stay tuned this week: elizabethnormand.etsy.com
also re 'freedom tweet', I share in your joy :)
does it mean I'm a geek that I knew exactly what book you meant?:)
oh good! I'm glad the outfit worked out for you :)
ooh send it my way if it sucks :)
RT @TheODI: Congrats to http://is.gd/mLYC #Lost . Nice one guys :)  http://bit.ly/13HtZ7
nespried par cilvēku pēc vārda. Ko tad padomāsi dzirdot - 50 cent / Pink / Wolfmother vai sazin ko. Tas ka LV, neko nenozīmē :)
Kerri, I think you should launch your own TV show... :)  http://bit.ly/10KRro
love your music john :)
done for the day and off to the gym.  i hope my stomach doesn't rip open :)
In welcher Größenordnung denn? :)
is a social networking maniac :)
E o jogo mais emocionante da noite está a ser, tal como eu previa... o Panathinaikos vs Villareal :) fantástico! Juve vs Chelsea bom tb!
Tracey thinks the best way to start the day is surrounded by thousands of fish and having a moment with 3 kinds of Angels and a Cow. :)
done :)
Good one to remember - thanks :)
Thanks!  :)
hes a hottie:)
"Be open to everything and attached to nothing" - I like that - I think I'll give it a whirl :)
http://twitpic.com/1zfh3 - So proud! :)  Can't wait for "De Interview"!
ohhh, i see now. haha. he is hot. :)  ...not my daddy. alex. lol. i love my dad too, though. :D
 :)   are you coming to fireworks tonight??!
should have said hear, not here....fingers typing faster than my brain is thinking.  I promise I do know the difference. :)
http://twitpic.com/1zeoj - Aqui na Pocariça está linda e maravilhosa :) redonda redonda!
well, since no one voiced their opinion & i'm getting a little burnt out on downtown it's been changed :)
haal ALSJEBLIEFT die spons weg op standaard.be.... :)
MULBERRY! or louis vitton &lt;3 :)
 oooh!!! i want to join! pick me up on the way please :) i will bring my leather boots.
Is my birthday :)
das ist ja genau der grund warum ich das auto fotografiert hab :)
looking for easy roasted butternut squash recipes. Suggestions? DM me. thanks :)
i want a pet meerkat. do meerkats mind being pets? :)
thursday is crazy for me to, but I will see what I can do for both of us! Lol:)
LOL it was a big Joke! lol , i have a friend that is a Senior in Giddings High! :)
Music;myspace;AIM;text :)
kudo's to for fixing my non-delivery issue. just got tracking code and notification from UPS. :)
drive-through italian :)
I got the internship!! Yay!!! :)
g'night dennis :) g'night. thanks &lt;3
vrei iti fac unul pe wordpress? :)
Thank youuuu!  :)
and Danny, i totally agree lol.
i've noticed the sky too, fellows:) the moon and the clouds were astonishing
It makes us happy when you guys are happy.  It totally rocked in every sense of the word!!!  Can't wait for the album/tour:)
sounds great!! i love spring. :)
Jo, var med Maya på ett lekland i lördags...alldeles fullt med snoriga barn. Men det har varit en ganska ok dag hemma:)
I told u bout the "umph" and I didn't see a bday shout out from u but I'll check my @ replies to confirm this sincere "thanQ!" :)
I bought Animal Collective and TV On The Radio the other day in Best Buy. I liked what I heard from both bands on Sirius. :)
Thank you, Heather :)
is quite a bit calmer now, and is looking forward to seeing some of her family back up t' North over the coming days :)
tnx for movie download tips, looks good :)
Labi, dietologs noteikti nosirmotu šito dzirdot, bet man beidzot ir laiks vakariņām! :) Uz tikšanos rīt!
Happy Holi Everyone :) - - - spread the colour ! colour mash up tmz & sunday :D
oh mais encore une fois, no soucy :)
well done to all of you :)
hey dev!! i completely loved you as anwar :) hope youre well, congrats at the oscars xxx
LOL sounds like a great kid :)
Good idea! We will have him on again soon :)
I've no doubt he doesn't belong on the list! But good to know I'm the great woman behind the great man. :)
Watching that '70s show :)
yea i think if you see it you can see what it's al about...some of them are funky! i like! :)
qué pasada es escuchar a una colaboradora de Café de noche en radio :)
Pedazo de luna :) - Photo: http://bkite.com/05n8W
Is super excited about Empire Records..as is poshdeluxe i am sure :)
Puuuuu ank iooooo mua mua mua mua mua :)
a good dinner and Guinness... what can be better than that? :)
Getting Cantaloop (frozen yogurt) for me and Michael. :)
Thanks Randy. Have a great afternoon man. :)
milk tea and chocolate cookies.. doing my thesis. :)
Well done! Back out there, that's what counts :)
You just have to make the last year of your twenties count! Make it the best year yet! Its off to a great start with FotC! :)
and thank you :)
Yeah yeah yeah - I'm workin' on it.  :)
pretty great!  you'll see for yourself soon :)  thank you for your help!
indeed you do, Kai :) Never managed to ask you how come you disappeared  from Xing moderation team? You left people confused :)
Back from time with bessie barney aka courtney :) hahahaha. Shower time!
Gorgeousssss lighting! I love the new pics :)
downloading some software.. im still tinkering around with this new cam i bought :)
Gerade noch geschafft; 7 Minuten vor Ladenschluss. Kühlschrank endlich mal wieder voll. :)
Happy Full Moon, Everyone!:)  It is a strong one, I can feel it.
Oh NOOOO, not at ALL.  They work fabulously on him. :)
homework makes me sad :( track makes me tired :/ mac and cheese makes me happy :) reading makes me jubilant :D  I live a sad, sad life, haha
one is buzz which I was given in first year at uni - 6 and a half years ago and the other is a frog which my ex gave me! :)
ok thanks :) i'll try to watch replay if it will be available, because my time zone is very very different from yours :)
Spray will be available in stores in April :) Let me know when you want to pick up Sato-Chan
Clough stealers losing :)
 Way to go!!!! You won!! :)
 Congratulations! It's always great when one we admire is contacting US :)
can't wait for schnarie to be fully back again... for some workout at the gym together... :)
if you did you didn't tell me :) no worries mate
is homee, kinda triedd, i think im going to watch me some tv, i hope something good is on :)
You should get in touch w We were just talking about you...  :)
is moving around things in his room... more space for artsy things... :)
Now I'm off to the studio to teach tonight's lesson on color (what else)? :)
blah..im like that too!I want to..yet I dont..I think it would be the healthy thing to do ..yet i might go insane haha:)
porfin!!!!... linea liberada :)
@klaas_weima: http://en.oreilly.com/et2009/public/schedule/topic/184; quite a lot :)
i noticed that every other sentence out your mouth was about twitter!! i was a little scared :)
you never know :)
Is so fucking bored at this internship- good news is I jyst hit the halfway point in hours, and I get to meet up with someone rad tonight :)
Soeben ist die Alpha-Version unserer Twitter-Jobsuchmaschine www.jobtweet.de online gegangen. :) Viel Spaß beim Ausprobieren! #job #jobs
Has been setting up our new, international webshop at http://www.WeddingTools.com - check it out :)
the pic never loaded up properly... just a nice red X :)
Fellaz, tsekout the neu HowIMetYouMother epizode. Kikkass! Hey @zserno. Was that the right form of lolspeak?:) I need lolpracticing.
happy tuesday goddess!  going to be a happy friday when you come in for your photoshoot!!!!  :)
Its seems to have had a make over. Nice decor and colours. Enjoyed a few meals there recently :)
is awful excited yet tense for tomorrow at 7am :)
@Sati84: na ebben a percben frissult nalam is :)
hi!!  Nice to see you on twitter!  You look like a twitter pro, we're still getting the hang of it.  :)
follow me here instead. Great to connect with you!! :)
Not too bad cheers. :)
but you can't deny that British occupation would have been more desirable than Chinese :)
da, doar ca ce-a urmat nu era ce ma asteptam. :)
Thanks so much for the kind words about my website :)
Got Watchmen: The Complete Motion Comic in the mail today. wife calls me a  geek but says she loves me just the same :)
Just talked to Sheri and she talked to Dave's boss about his work schedual for next week. He has off Wed, Thur, and Sat :)
d) bad food. :)
Lol, I have 553 and it's ok with me, but there's people who want to have that much, I think it's a personal decision :)
Garfield without Garfield, they edit Garfield out of every strip.  I'm sure you've got ton of these already :)
Off to teach a class and am too tired to even think about jumping around :)
DONE!! Woohoo. Weight off my shoulders. It might stink, I'm not entirely sure, but I'm running it thru CPs just in case. :)
RT: @rene_silva: Increíble  http://bit.ly/Tf92Q Overtura de "Las bodas de Fígaro" en guitarra :)
Klaar :) In ieder geval met de layoutcorrecties. Mijn mama is zo'n schat, ze is voor mij de gehele inhoud nogmaals aan het corrigeren :D &lt;3
Have a fab time "Down Under" Hear u r coming to the UK later in the month - Good!! Have you been anywhere other than London?! :)
Na játszunk egy kis Nirvanát :)
GARY GO WONDERFUL :) PLEASE!! :) XXXXXXXXXX
thanks for the shoutout. :) good cause that I'm happy to help with.
WOOT! Yay for TCoS! :)
Focus on the positive and not the negative and I promise you will reap the rewards :)
I thought "tribes" were all the rage now since Seth Godin's book :)
TRYING TO FIGURE THIS TWITTER SHIT OUT!!! LOL :)
thanks for the follow! AngryBritain.com lives in your town :)
Thanks! Brownies are my personal favorite:) Too many good treats out there, it is hard to decide!
Dat heb ik nu ook altijd :)
LOVES Gabriel's twitter updates from Dallas:)
I &lt;3 you....
getting ready for a wedding consult.....I love meeting new brides :)
free beer for the first 100 followers?  :)
Is that you James? Haven't spoken in ages :)
 that is a skype or f2f topic, Jel :)
I think that's a great attitude to have for most things in life, to be honest. Dads, eh? Too right too often. :)
Yeah, I suppose I'd say that a conversation isn't quite the same as being "chatty" :)
I'm knackered and got all my fruit and veg today from an innocent smoothie and veg pot...must thank them for making it easy :)
image over logo, never said portrait :)
Probably haven't heard because of all the great hype about the 1st time homebuyers $8,000 tax credit peeps r focusing on. :)
The biggest reason Maui is my favorite place on Earth is that I become the person I wish I was ... living life to the fullest.  :)
Going to sleep. Tomorrow have 4 hours floorball at morning so need to be ready to move! :)
ce energizant la banii aia? o cutie de cola? :)
did u buy ur plane ticket yet??? :)
Reading GG, then dinner, then off to volunteering :P
no homework tonight either.
and id like some European traveling on the side please :)
Definition of my school=BORING.  getting ready for work. . . MONEY! used only for God:)
Follow Me! :) I'm a Stand Up Comic here in LA, & I often perform with the biggest names in Show biz!
You can download the latest release from http://bit.ly/15OS87 Inline replys don't work properly, but otherwise ok I think. :)
I think I'm going to get an accountant to do my tax returns this year... since it is my first year and all :)
thats what the kids have been calling it on the streets for years...keep your head out of the clouds baller! :)
my morning was fantastic! Just updating our blog & working on rolling out a few new tXtBlaster features... pretty chill :)
A stack of books is calling to me. Off to find another world to inhabit as this one is boring me... at the moment :)
Esta mal dizer ao pessoal para postar aqui e não leres live, mas pronto ao menos chegou ao destino o que já é bom :)
is taking her guitar 2school tomorow to play for a poem project in bernets class :)
debt is classy, come on.  Live it up a little. :)
just installed tweetdeck :)
top it off with a prada key chain and a dooney and burke credit card holder and you would have a pure mess! :)
Single Lense-system version of a Binocular. It'd basically act as a phat zoom lense :)
all the equipment tested and ready for tomorrow :) - now dinner time :)
- true!  I totally forgot about #motrinmoms!  Good call.  Thank you.  :)
More alcoohooool :) yayyyyyyy!!
kA auch der ZDF gehört nicht wirklich zu den Sendern die ich oft sehe :) Aber auf Myspace is er: http://www.myspace.com/kavkavstheweb
good luck :)
I just scored free stuff for a www.momtobee.com giveway! Stay tuned for more details coming soon! :)
Yeha, hoy en la noche voy al cine con Andrea :)
 I like it when you bring random baked goods to work too!  :)
thank you jeff. You life will be spared. THIS time. Now back to global domination....and SEO :)
http://tinyurl.com/cnn4um
loves it :)
lol Not at all! :)
Well, I hope your world view doesn't include the viewpoint that all men are bastards- but if you do, this fits thematically:)
I'm like that with #Heroes and #Lost  ..has the best Lost blog btw - #Chuck is great! :)
Can you unlock the "What's your LAN like" thread, and/or set it to never lock? :)  I want an excuse to finish this visio diagram..
what would you know about hip hop little girl? :)
I am making supper in about five mins. right excited for my job interview 2morrow. wish me luck ppl :)
A classic - and bless Jezza for being a total softie at the end (and James for looking gorgeous in a headset!). Enjoy :)
W00t! :)
Freebie! Get 25 free resume copies today at Fed Ex/Kinkos. http://is.gd/l4v1 Follow me for your Twitter freebies! :)
Having a good Tuesday, so far :)
 mersi, sunt pe punctul sa mai invat ceva :)
... my eyelids are sticking together... i think its due time for a nap :)
and penalty kick for Juventus .. :)
Congratulations on your anniversary!! Have a lovely dinner. :)
I am grateful to have so many great Twitter friends! :)
http://twitpic.com/1zieq - My friend S-. I'm her hero, because I protected her from a burglar! :)
Liverpool destroying RM.  Nice.  :)   uefa has a very nice live report site.
impressive score. top 100 of all time! not bad either. $2 for a binary code game app tho? im cheap :)
@FilmTruth: I like it!  Our Communications Director is gonna watch it and then follow up with you.  :)  It looks like an amazing film.
You about in the morning !  Want to talk Architecture ! :)
:) DM me your email I will send it later tonight.
frulsi toetje op een saltimbocca met krieltjes/rozemarijn/knoflook oven combi... Heerlijk! Maar goe, ik ken de biefstuk nie :)
Korn and slipknot here in the summer? Haailll yea I'm so there:)
Thanks for the follow Amy. You are in dire need of an avatar :)
haha yeah, I figured it was implied in this case :)
Fancy, now we need the other sections of the paper :)  Papers --&gt; export --&gt; Results.  Papers --&gt; export --&gt; Discussion.
i love you. and i never thought i'd say that. no, not yet:)
Yeah. Since high school! It's a recently rekindled friendship. :)
Wonder if I'll be seeing a Bunger wandering around next weekend....... :)
at my mom's work. just here thinking about my baby boo trey..i'm soo in luv :)
Ugh wow missed sooo much! Music video for girls do what they want! Ahhh got to goo see that! :) ugh time for haircut
oooooooo :)
has a food coma :)
3 Age 5, crept down in the middle of the night, carved her name in BIG letters on the grand piano lid and swore it wasn't her :)
Don't feel dumb-I want to know what others had for breakfast Those guys fr past are jealous they weren't able to share info :)
And no, I wasn't being sarcastic. Sometimes 140 chars is too short to relay great emotions. :)
I'm watchin the England Cricket, thinking will they or wont they win! But i'm Glad Liverpool are kicking ass! :) x
me too! :)
Gözün aydın :))
Stop by the house to record a Tip Givers' Tip of the Week for the instance since you're in town.  Well folks... had to try.  :)
En cosas curiosas . Ya viene la Cuaresma y son dias de guardar, con humor :) http://tinyurl.com/bg2pl7
Good morning, good morning.. How are you today? :) :)
Great ride today. Now i'm chillin w my Sabi Wabi Woo :)
okie dokie :) DM your email too...I lose shit
Random. I posted something from them yesterday :) http://creamteam.tv/?p=856
haha San pelligrino does it for mee:)
Really sorry to bother you again,But my friend said if i get a reply from you he will up his sponsor for RND to£15!Please help:)
ஐயா... விட்ட காசுல கொஞ்சம் வந்திருக்கு.பார்ட்டி வூட்டுலயே கட்டிங் வைன் தான் :)
:) i am good.. weather is causing my headaches to kick up.. stupid weather.. blah :P
aww Leti you're so cute :) I knooow isn't english rough?! LOL
sweet thanks for the link...some pretty good tips :)
'consejos' :)
SEO FTW!!!  oh and global domination as well :)
I am a strange and wonderful creature that lives inside my iphone :)
 herro :)
Sustained an impressive bruise while climbing over a fence today, knee turning a fab shade of purple! :)
downloading and installing twhirl, before going to sleep, begin to be a twitter addict:)
I practiced a little earlier. Just got my wrist checked out. Grandpa pena explained exactly what it is. Everything is going to be fine  :)
your in San Jose this weekend? Give me the details and I'll be there :)
Novej dil The Big Bang Theory byl zase jako obvykle bomba!:)
I updated the site too today :)
@CHIQUIyadiqq? I'll think about it :) does Kyle do it too?
It was a happy tweet and thanks for a great Sunday morning, was a real laugh :)
this weather takes me somewhere that's makes my heart smile :)
 heyy, hows the wizards movie going? :)
Ziet er goed uit, die camera :) en je kan er ook mee filmen, niet? Dat is toch leuk!
good article :)
Pues va a ser que no... :))
Fui al mercado de San Juan y me compré un cuarto de arándano seco y 3 ciruelas que parecen manzanas. :)
meanwhile at BDBL United have a pen... and...scoooooorrrrrrrreee :) Cotterill #UTB 2-2 COYRAWW!
hello and welcome to twitter... I hope you enjoy :)
glad i could help:) i say thumbs up to renting it for sure. i do love gillian anderson who only had a small part in it too!
but that's just me being myopic and selfish...again. *sigh* :)
is not the world's biggest Radiohead fan after all .... Come on Gillingham, score pleeeeaaaasssseeee? :)
tirei outro dia. sucks a lot. fica bem! :)
indeed sir i am:)
DojoSec lineup is set for April, It is a killer lineup :)
All day editing photos...  Finally done! Now to the beach to celebrate Coop's bday :)
if you want to really take your Twitter Marketing to the next level http://tr.im/gBw4 I may have something for you :)
is real happy to have taken on Virtual Aviation - cool - lets land 747's http://www.virtualaviation.co.uk/ more news soon :)
feels like having a few too many tonight :)
47 times Wyatt.. no, make that 49 :)
Mission accomplished! :) http://twitpic.com/1ziih
At the beach, reading and relaxing... Its absolutely gorgeous at Moonlight beach right now. Wow :)
Tell me about it...my husband just jumped up ran around the room and gave me a massive kiss....i carried on working :)
Shopping at Charlotte Russe. Funny, yes? :)
Nice and better if you can put some pics for the mind :)
wow, had a fun afternoon with my friends &lt;3 they filmed something for me that I'm doing for someone on youtube :)
 Thanks for discovering us!  :)
Can't stop singing My Fair Lady songs in a weird accent. Not that I mind! :)
looking for peaches geldof and barack obamas twitter :)
why don't you ever tell us what you would answer? :) #pblv
we got it.  If everyone had a memberhub account, you could email everyone through it.  It is another loop that works:)
Liverpool, 3... Poor Real Madrid :)
oh hang on, no wickets is that thing that's interupted by a nice sandwich and cuppa :)
So, what sort of drugs do I need to take for that to make any sense? :)
Thank you very much. I was proud of myself and honestly grateful for what you said last week. :)
vou cagar para o sporting e var a Carolina :) isso sim é bom de ver :D e tb tem piada
vc deveria ser vocalista do bauhaus, cara... :)
hello! trying to message you but you're not following me back - have an idea I want to run past you :)
Btw, loved them :) My makeup survived a yoga class LOL that's a big plus!
Trying to decide if I shoud have signed up for this!!! :)
is spent and sighing...time to go home :)
ouais ya rien de tel qu'un petit discount la ou ca fait du bien :)
hey au fait ...que pense tu de P90X ?
skapi nevar valjaa taapeec, ka izgudrots viiteris. :) Atved man to turku sviestu. kad buusi maajaas?
HEMMA! :)
i already facebooked your brother but tell him i said happy birthday again! :)
Je dis rien pour 24h... je suis trop superstitieux :)
Check out http://www.weboword.com Vocabulary Visually! Should help in your GRE preparations! :)
haha i knew what you meant :) i wont i promise!! i might think i watched it when i didnt thp??
preciosa :) http://tinyurl.com/ctaup8
I got double the amt of reading done today AND had time to watch a movie (sans commercials).  Gonna get back to work in a min :)
 do i see Cranberries  again ? .... OOh it's a song :) thanks for sharing .. :)
look at my facebook default :)
thanks!:)
Kinda worried my leg will drop off in the night or a dvt will develop...better have a medicinal vodka :)
actully i am listening to b104!!!!  :)
You don't have to ;) You can post anything the way you want it. Welcome to organized chaos :)
back from stephs. wrote a new song :)
I know...I am just teasing you! :)
they're expensive, more than $100 a month? Although I like the fact of yelling at them in person:)
going to take a lonng shower then do my hair.
i hope my curler comes tomorrow !
haha april showers bring may flowers :)
Whats up :)
it's all about silver linings... :)
I just found a penny with a thought sitting on top. It said we should love and laugh even when it hurts -any one need a penny? :)
-- Oh, no worries. I so will :)
 not sure if that all had something to do with cricket or if you're just filling my timeline with filth.   :)
Thank you!!!!! :)
BTW, Also grateful for your GREAT sketching capabilities :)
I'm about to watch the episode now! I'm glad I'm apparently in for a treat. :)
bah...es el mismo equipo desde el primer día y voy de segundo,mejor q tu para nunca haberlo cambiado, yo si tengo fe en mi equipo :)
I love the mall :)
Ergenekon iddianamesini okumaya niyetlendim ama zaman olmadığını anlamam geç olmadı. 2450 sayfa + 1900 küsür sayfa... Kolay değil :)
haha sounds good! Can't wait to see :)
RT @lucindarojas: Advice- Be sure to put your best foot forward in ALL communciation- email, phone, online, etc. - be proactive! :) #jb4520
lets hope not :) lol
- *waves* hello ruth :)
Correct, but u conveniently left out the part about the increase only applying to those making over $250K and up :)
tenk yu tenk yu tenk yuuuuuuuuuuuu.. muchos gracias :)
Have fun in Deutschland! It's one of my favorite places :)
This is a helpful toolbar to have in this economy :) http://is.gd/mMfT
Yay finally finished :)
Mou chiron, Eigo wo hanashimashita!  My Japanese isn't quite up to conversational, yet, but I know enough to get into trouble. :)
here i come :) lolz...u r da best shoulder 2 lean on lmfaoooo :)
What a day :). Tue, 10 Mar 2009 17:22:11 -0400
Oh thank you. :)  I appreciate that!
if possible :) I might have it fixed by tomorrow :)
I didn't give up twitter entirely.. I'm right here :) I've been back since fri about noon
Enjoy! :)
hello, fellow rice picker  :)
Can Wicklow have him? Seriously - we are desperate here :). We can't be this bad forever!
http://twitpic.com/1zim8 - my lovely ladies :)
o en la copa de un árbol! la boa sería feliz. :)  feliz cumpleaños!
Depending on how old it is, yes. If its DVI, with ease. if its ADC, with an adaptor :) (Assuming they have DVI)
No luck so far, but he is applying for loads. Hopefully something will come up soon. Hope photo is fun! :)
can't say that I have... but I've kept a journal chronicling every type of root beer I've ever tried... weird but true :)
:)
What magazines are most popular on your site? Just curious. :)
Workman's comp should be proportionate to the amount of pain. So I should get $1000000 for this scrape on my hand. :)
No worries :)
had to lock it up. :)
everyone has to say that, otherwise Chuck might get angry and roundhouse kick them in the face :D I heart him too :)
bem. 20 minutos é pco tempo. faltaram 2 ppl. amanhã há mais :) e já ganhei a minha aposta no teu poll, unfortunately.
Ich verwende nun auch das super tolle Twitterdingens :)
:) yah I suppose I could at that.  Good thing I can just setup ssh SOCKS5 proxy and get around the whole thing #CanadianTire
Do not let it get you down sparkly adonis. :)
thanks man:)
 Convenience or need to have right now :)
Sweet pick-ups :)
thinks its tuesday so it must be time to go to route 66 :) x
DROGBAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!! :)
naja ... 6:1 :)
good good :) aw i always like that, i always get it done then regret in again, aw dont worry it will grow back again soon
Wow, same here (Mac'n'Falu). The 1st thing you make when home from a long trip abroad aswell. :)
Hahaha hooray for distractions :)
hey :( i hope so i real what to have one coz you made them :)
@ruella, twitter will be yet another distraction that will get in the way of your presentation :)
is watching F.R.I.E.N.D.S :) And wonders who of my friends is who of the friends... :S
agradeço a indicasção de @cacoignight, mas meu blog é de games, não de saúde e bem estar. acho que eu não sirvo. :)
 aw i know! i want a cb lemon bar when i land guys. :)
a baš slušaš nešto jako kul što mora biti zabilježeno! :)))
Que dia maravilhoso que esteve hoje! Se eu mandasse, o tempo andava sempre assim :)
or I could just take Beth's advice and snag a copy of yours next month when I come home teehee :)
has vist alguna cosa relacionada amb llibres-e? :)
Lolol - Pho.K. that is so my kind of humor :D  I think it is awesome you make your own Pho.  Did you take a pho-to? ;p oh no :)
don't forget me :) I am awesome
they welcome out of town volunteers, too. just a little late for this year.. but next year! :)
Was working....now am shopping :)
after much deliberation, they've been sent to the ever neglected myspace. enjoy :)
Out for my birthday this weekend, BRING IT ON! :)  - View all my music as I listen to it @ www.last.fm/user/gad123
Had a fun time with Jilly. Chance was a good source of entertainment :)
ya era hora, solo hace falta que funcione a una velocidad decente de una vez :)
Email recibido y contestado. Muchas gracias!! :)
it is so BEAUTIFUL outside today. Think I'll take the kiddies to the park when I make my way outta this hell hole called my job :)
Work, then getting my hair cut! :)
well at least i can keep up with what john mayer and martha stewart are doing, that's important :)
thx, he's for sale :)
:)
The only one of those words I understood was "balut." So, no thanks. :)
On my way home..windows down! And I'm goin for a run outside tonight for sure :) lovin this whether!!
Just spent 30 min on the Wii Fit...had to have something to put on the Fitness Accountanility calendar at work...aka SMN diet board :)
haa you're gonna be busy in Austin! But you gotta take advantage, of course :)
mostra aí pra galera do Twitter depois! :)
... yes u are :)
Shopping all day. :)
I'm SO jealous you'll be at SXSW. Send your sister to NYC to distract me from envy and boredom, won'tcha? :)
Im sure you know this but there are open MRIs. :)
ah crap!  I kept trying to figure out who the heck this was :)  nice to tweet with ya!
All this sunshine is nice but it is flipping cold outside.:)
is watching TV, playing WoW and writing a story! Multitasking or what :)
wow looked like you had a good time :) love the longer hair
It will never cease to amaze me what criminals do to stay underground. And I hope it never does. Great news value! :)
I like the Carpenters...heard of them? Oh and Show Tunes...and Disney Musicals and COUNTRY :)
I misread this at first and thought it said "free one way trip to BlogHer!"  You mean I won't have to come back?  I'm so in!  :)
I haven’t had a single one :)
is happy. :)
I love my MSS.  Streaming my home iTunes to my netbook via mobile broadband is just totally sweet.  Sounds great too :)
between and myself - my timeline sure looks cool when B/W avatars lineup :)
New blog, and new layout. Hope you guys like it. :)
Having warm asparagus (+ stilton?) salad and asparagus soup at hotel50. Now for gourmet churros :) good promo on lunch prices right now
I'll keep you in mine too :)
:)
ooo yes yes yes indeed! us curlyheads are fabulously talented and fierce in sooooo many ways! thanks :)
:)
Im going to go home and try it out....:) Just was inquiring on some new ideas...
ahhh :) eu dizia foto do magalhaes.
 Ha!  Great Quote! :)
Careful.  Soon you'll be buying a Mac! :)
Is joyfully adding application to her phone :)
Queen's MBA For A Day sessions are coming soon. I will post date asap :) http://tinyurl.com/d8cvyh
Bowling night super uspel :)
 o gasesti  aici: http://tinyurl.com/bvvcr2  Enjoy:)
Im just so like arggggggggggggghhhh I  want you all over me!!!!!!!!!1 hahah, ahhh Im going to like this website I can tell :)
Thank you! :)
Oh. Funny story. I was in gym today and they put the radio on. And single ladies came on. And i stopped 'playing' basketball and danced. :)
Lol! Willy is cute, too :)
is ready to start recording Swing The Lead's EP friday :)
Very excited for the ARC's annual art show! If you're in Philly on Thurs 3/11 @ 5:30 come support it! :) http://www.arcpddc.org/art.html
Chillin at home :)
it's kind of the opposite of a feel good movie.... i'd say a feel bad movie? but it's got awesome special effects:)
If for the rest of your life, you could only listen to ONE musical group, who would it be?  Okay...... screw that!  Pick 2.  :)
Well done firaxis, luke is Raving next to me :) all good!
is feeling lucky :)
im confused how this works :)
Haha, yeah!! :)  Was frustrated at work today so had to remind myself of something better.
Imi aduci aminte de SNSPA. :))
haribo's are the shit :)
We're so connected! :)
Wondering where i will find time to TWITTER! :)
Wait till you see the next one:)
smart thinkin ;) So are you the one that got Jerome to do yoga?  LOL. Wish I could've seen that :)
Djjschulz I like yours cause a lot times you tweet about David or Hudson and it makes me laugh :)
Back to Stockholm i morgon bitti!! Har varit såå skönt att vara hemma i Ålesund:))
RT @mis_chiff: #MrTweet I recommend because he runs a successful community. I'm sure we can all learn from him :)
me lo apunto para escuchar :)
jajajjaja seguro que hoy no lo piensa :)
3 dozen cupcakes for May 27th. Yay! :)
OMG I was nominated for the IFB "Blogger Spotlight" this week! Thank you 4 voting for me, I was so surprised:) http://styleamor.blogspot.com
if I wake up a gazillion times more fit and healthy in the morning then that would be a fair trade :)
at home :)
is bored bored bored.  Lookin' for something to do tonight.  Text the cell. :)  (Can't wait for Sunday!) &lt;3
give in and join the photochaining blog: www.photochaining.com :)
re-watching the final edit. making sure everything is fine. :)
http://www.youtube.com/TheCocktailBar gifts for you :)
#TechDays Galway sessions are wrapping up.  Time to hit the bar :)
Work it girl! You can do it! We all have faith!!! :)
thanks  it's a widescreen bought with an orig G4, think it's DVI but will check in the morning :)
you've got me saying it now.  Let's go people!  Lovesit. :)
seriously how long did it take you to get it that long? I soo want long hair like really bad :)
Bayern 7 - 1 Sporting!!! - O Sporting já não pode gozar com a desgraça do jogo do Vigo - Benfica. :)
Black cats are so pretty. Alas, allergies prohibit me from having one. I settle for black dog :)
I shan't be in the middle no one will put me there.  I live a peaceful life and it will stay that way one way or another.  ~Toni Paton :)
Off to bed - I want to read my book :)
acho que só tens de acompanhar a tag #sit no search do twitter. :)
i guess i'll just listen to JT the rest of my work day.... oh and work too.. :)
i am on the phone:)
Real Madri ... timeco :)
i was pretty close!! and i'm REALLY good at that! lol. :)
is ooout! :)
Lucky for us, we have Softball practice soon. So we will be outside enjoying that this evening. :)
Page 442-443! :)
belly laughs! :)
I am trying to be more productive on here lol. I've neglected my blog because micro-blogging is cooler :)
Get the twitter app on facebook and everything you twitter automatically goes to facebook... :)
I want apple pie. prefer crumble but not fussy :)
you should use your twitter power for the just cause of tweetie :)
HEY PEREZ :):) im a big fan of yours :)
gave up beer for lent? :)
drink lots of water eat some food: sorted, simples sorry :)
mmmm cuppaaaa teaaaa :)
its TONKA time:)!
Dacht dat je het over de MotM had :) #livrea
its all good :)
haha :) yeah it's almost over thank goodness!!
RT folks, I think we have a new name for the Fail Whale...LUIGI!!! (thanks to @amanda5280) #failwhale #luigi :)
in district videoconf with @wlmoseley. he has a much better poker face than I do. thank goodness for back channel IM :)
Meeting at 6 here at work and then leave at 7!   On a much needed break at the moment :)
RT @rvidal: "I'm talking about today. Not both legs!" Oops, then it really rocks. I hope Barca will rock Lyon tomorrow. :)
ieder zijn ding maar ik zie niet in hoe het in godsnaam beter kan dan Twitterfon. :)
anyone free for coffee, beer, wine from 11am to 3pm on thurs in london? i have to wait for passport, i am buying :)
I was joking about the $500 twitter background, I wouldn't pay that much for a website :)
@coding! :)
yeah it's fab! Do it! :)
#championsleague #lfc #realmadrid 4-0! Can it get any better!!! REAL WHO?!?! :)
ROFLMAO ... Lisa the dog :)
This John Deere dealer has Twitter updates on their website: http://www.dgequipment.com/. Ag dealer not afraid to use social media. :)
Got a really bad leg cramp out of nowhere. Totally fell on the floor and had to stretch it out. Scared half to death. Okay now. :)
Als jij dat graag denkt.. dan duik ik.. het liefst in warm zeewater :)
ahah. :)
 Which screen reader should I use and which OS? WHich Braille display do you like? :)
Thanks mate, will post up next Tuesday :)
lol well I've followed them for a while, had a couple @ chats on Twitter, and I thought I'd ask them on a Band-date :)
Uh, what is this? I will go just so I can see your smiling face :) That was vomtastic.
are helping me move..and the Hennster are my meal ticket with wonderful tasty meals when I can't afford to eat! :) Ha!
 @ mythrilmalorn That movie is actually what got me interested in reading the book :)
Goodmorning everyone! :)
PTwitty TV is Twitterific I must say. :) ps- nice job on Ellen! :) My tummy hurts, got some "puffy no more" I can have? haha
Клепа. :) Он милый какой-то.)
 i hope you feel better soon! the more water you drink the better! :)
Only had to go for one hour! Now reading, reading, & more reading :)
probando twitterific en el iphone :)
so are you at the same episode as I am :)
Just asking... you never know :) One inseam at a time right?
I am still finding the people and groups I want to follow. This thing is HUGE! :)
I say mix it up, do a little bit of each. :)
Zajímavé widgety Windows Mobile 6.5 najdete na mých starších screenech. Sledujte Windows phones :) ~ http://mv.carnero.cc/aaxu/
Might we suggest ourselves? :) Myspace has the tracks from our first EP: http://bit.ly/19hK4l Next album is more rock/funkier
Aya went downhill pretty fast towards the end. Call me hopeful :)
YOU RULE! I've got everything I can cross CROSSED for you! :) What kinda job is it?
I need to change the vibe in the office, LIl Wayne seems to do the trick :)
Хочется более скандинавское или европейское :)
Felicitari!Faci o treaba excelenta :)
eatin poppingcorn :)
У меня первая FM-радиостанция, которая взялась вещать моё шоу. Ура. В Архангельской области. :)
 C'est pas ça qu'on dit... on dit merci :)
Actually, we had a family meeting & vote was that I needed to chill out, hence the massage :)
 Thanx for the tip :)
@NeoJames... twitterrific is what I use. But some people don't like it. But it does fine for me:)
Preparing dinner: Asian salad with filet de canard laqué... :)
:)
You're very welcome and they are all useful apps... Another list will be out next week :)
That wasmy term to save characters. :)
I like to thank all my new friends for the follow....wishing you success and happiness. Look forward to your tweets...:)
http://twitpic.com/1zixc - I like it :)
*crosses fingers* i'm still working though! :)
I’m suspecting that you accidentally went to a basketball game or something like that. :)
proaspat scos: 2 ani. Frumosi :) http://tinyurl.com/avzba2
even better :))
It will be around and available... just depends on your store as to when they carry it :)
Both of which are feeling like sweet backup careers right now, should I have my nervous breakdown :)
RT Well folks, I think we have a new name for the Fail Whale...LUIGI!!! (thanks to @amanda5280) #failwhale #luigi :)
 Gina, you sure you want to admit Journey in public?   :)
Hey new followers :) @ me and let me know who you are!
an all day Beach-Day tomorrow :) yay!
just saw the unborn at the cinema :) ACE film!
What are we talking about? :)
I will see if  Opera is available for the E90 :).  Note my Deutsch is slowly expanding :)
Uy...hay un "algo" en el messenger que te cambia tu nick por minon:)(l)!=minon:)(l) o algo asi y nadie sabe que es...freaky!!!
Went to costco with the girls. Lucy likes to help "push" the cart. Got our fill of samples too:) Highly reccommend the veggie sticks, yumm!
Haha, it was your destiny to watch the show! :)
heh tony :) how are ya ?
Thanks again to everyone who entered!  It was fun!  (though I'm a little sad I didn't get to hear a song from :).
insight of the day: building a snow fortress is (at least) as fun as when i was a kid :)
can't wait to gloat tomorrow :)
RT @TMorais: RT Should Teachers Incorporate Texting and Twitter Into the Classroom?.....http://tinyurl.com/bmb2gk (YES!:)
is going to WATO tomoz and is pretty excited for the schinanigans between her and certain minty person :)
hahahahah. Fazes mal. Olha que ganhavas bem melhor :)
ooh that stinks.  going to bed late always seems fine but they somehow know to wake up an extra couple of times those nights :)
home from an exciting day :)
yummy sushi for dinner :) oh, how i love my salmon wraps. *ksst* :)
or in your case sunsets :)
Well then, April 30 and May 21 are open... You let me know :) I am really excited for the live worship recording night @ apex!!
:)
Still, the idea of a pie sounds appealing! :)
Georgetown lost :)
can I just say how much i love love brie. This sandwich is killer :)
SWEET DAVE!  SWEET, SWEET, SWEET...how many times do i need to say it?? THREE! :)
@markies, hi to @ mulligans :)
I (L) PEREZZ! :)
omg cant wait for the new single i love you so much , you was amazing on tour iloveyouiloveyouiloveyouiloveyou xxxxxxxxxxx :) x
your not wrong :)
How rude of that UPS man :)
Dear Live Nation Employees, I will happily accept a free tix donation to the Motley Crue MSG show that refuses to sell out.   :)
done done DONE! :)
Thinks Kellans pics are awesome :)
ze zijn lekker snel bij @AntagonistHQ, net besteld en nu al online inclusief de 2 nieuwe domeinen :)
Probably not for sending one letter to my doctor's office, but yeah, point. :)
i dunno how to RT, but globalisation to me means having sex with as many nationalitied men as possible simply becuase i can :)
In Toronto we have cafes where you bring your weed and chill! but canadas great so its like no one cares if ya smoke anyway :)
tout va tres bien, merci - je pars de bureau comme ca plus de foot! :)
happy tunes on .... :)
Are we all getting excited yet?!? Less than a week away! This #gbtu is going to be monumental! :)
haha. Bruins game starts in an hour and a bit. You can tweet lots then with me :) Oh boy, it better not be Manny in net lol
I love making prints in the dark room. I've been printing for an hour now, just for fun. :)
کاسیاس آقای گل :))
:) I'm trying to numb myself to 3 days of Day Job work coming up.
the same happened to me last year. Avoid speaking and go to see an otolaryngologist asap :) Get well soon :)
and you make me insanely happy  :)
Hey miguel, danie says pick up falcors mouse plz :)
Took another Physics test today. Lets hope I did well :)
 This could potentially lead to the breakdown of the TweekedEditor? *ducks and runs for cover* :)
is well happy chelsea are through now :) lets all get drunk !!!
Te recuerdo que estoy acostumbrado a cines cuyas salas normales ya son mejores que la mayoría aquí y luego hay salas VIP, la repera :)
hello Jenny!  Long time no chat.  Hope all is well :)
Is coloring its been an amazing day you wanna make it better??? well you should talk to me! lol :)))
software bug tracking client for bugzilla. Don't think you need it :)
can't nap because I'm too excited about future media prospects... So I'll just eat instead :)
hahahha your funny :)
Reply to this if your someone who actually reads my posts... :)
is coaching a Swedish guy on messenger, he is now finetuning his online profile and ready to date. He will soon find love. Love my job. :)
- Wow! Creí que era la de los secretarios calándole el derrière... menos mal que chequé el link en mi cel. Gorgeous, anyway :)
A bit too far from Norway! :) The show last night was too awesome! Can't wait 'till you're back at Hove this summer! :D
is getting ready to go home in a few minutes :)
Ops! Uskrs je sve bliže, recesija traje, prava jaja su skupa... Nema problema, ofarbajte svoja u Photoshopu :)  http://bit.ly/3Wazp
make it through the day...but will work get done tonight? ::shake shake magic 8 ball:: 'not likely'. oh well. guess i'll just watch house :)
Lucky for me I bet Barca with you :)
im Aok!  hope to be sleeping (napping) soon myself :)  ya, slug's got his own 26 hr schedule.  so, what 'bout u & RB?
martiniinthemorning.com  :) Šajā neta radio vienmēr ir rīts un vienmēr tiek piedāvāts Martini....no rīta.
Just remember - Xur beat you in the Rocket Race.  Last Starfighter is *always* cool.  :)  (And Tron was on XM just before this)
Nice!  I'm home all day Friday with the kids, so I can finally sit down at the table and eat. :)
- jammer voor Real, zegt Kim, geboren en getogen in Liverpool :)
watch Jaws in reverse: a shark keeps throwing up people till they have to open a beach :))
you know you still love me. :)
It is PWE :) I'm doing that part-time while I study floristry three days a week. A diverse but interesting selection :)
tem DOIS. tbm vendo o meu convite pro redioréd a 100 reaus. :)
I'll just swing in and ask :)
Viva la Libertad! :)
That's prob. what I'll do, thanks :)
a layover. :)
falar com meu melhor amigo = o mesmo efeito de um analgésico :)
sounds like your all set! :)
Thanks :)
I'll hold you to that now that you have told the world :)
Ok on va faire des essais :)
so instead I'm going to ft.mac and going to make double :)
I'm thinkin about it, he still bad as hell, trust me he earned the right to not be trusted lol. I apologized to him :)
yo :)
WRITING! After a two day break it's kinda nice to get back in again. :)
....so unique our customers can't even spell unusual :)
Wear both! :)
I am so looking forward to it ... more for the Boy then the City tho. :)
been watching Coast on bbc2..nice to see we have the best sand for building sand castles...nice bit of useless info :)
For those wondering. Yes, Nathan's rumors came true! D and I are having a baby!!! =D End of October. Everything is fine so far :)
Driving around with some cool guy... He makes me smile :)
It doesn't foam up half as much as in the adverts tho, that is pure fantasy :)
durchstöbert das web nach brauchbaren konzerten :)
http://twitpic.com/1zhz2 - Gorgeous...oh the lights and view too :)
ok. :)
LOL no, I'll give her a break, think I can handle it from here. Tell her thanks again :)
free choonz pondi http://soundcloud.com/8Bitch some good, some bit shit :)
lol oh yeah - siegessäule :) #comedystreet
but the photo's of newcastle on googlemaps look quite peacefull ! (or are those adverts :)
Find how you can grab a FREE copy of the new MindMap To Riches book here: http://Web20Cash.org/ Check out the special Twitter option :)
Welcome to Twitter! You have to follow @sistaklein, too. She likes to get new followers :)
thanks gustavo...hope you do too :)
Chylln with the wifey nd tucuz :)
is cool! :) I 'm officially in my primer phase...we 'll see how that goes..lol (probably not good, but I 'm up for trying)!
What is it what is it?! :)
ah... funf é cinco né? Já tou a ver :) Sorry!
Hmmm I just picked up a follow from @jsc_apo; anyone we know? :)
is hanging and going to the water polo game with lulu :)
Vanaf vandaag ook aan de iPhone!:)
is drying my hair whilst listening to galaxy :)
Delivery time 1 day ahead. That's express, isn't it? Thank you Apple :)
Oj  3,5 timmas sömn :)
Wearing bright pink lipstick. "You're a great girlfriend, but an even better friend" :)
i'm ecstatic to have reconnected with an old friend :)
What if we use Spring AOP type stuff?  :)
ja ohne firebug geht halöt gar nix mehr :)
tocmai vroiam sa te rog sa ma ajuti cu ceva:)
hey! :)
:))) nu ma pun rau cu ei, ca sunt super de treaba ;)
that is fine... I will take it either way :)
: nem tudom, be vagyok oltva Norbi ellen, ha meglátom a nevét, lerakom az árut. Vagyis ez nekem új :)
Det verste er jo at det egentlig burde ha vært en større seier. Deilig dag å være rød :)
absolutely...sounds awesome. you'd think with the amount of Natural food stores I go into, i'd actually be healthy :)
In NYC and watching Cricket and Norwich City vs Cardiff City,have you finally lost it..get down on the streets and live for us:)
thanks for the reco - you rock too :)
uCommerce serarch plumbing done. Thursday evening will be all about the UI. My first Umbraco UI too :) Should prove interesting.
Gloomy in weather but good :) Tuesday evening here - what's he plan for your new day?
She's just upset because she's not dealing with wonderful, brilliant you instead. :)
You do to! :) Thanks!
Done and dusted.................thank God!!!! :)
at least its not spitting lmao :)
More lovely pics :) Thanks for posting.
Off to bed and then... to Barca :) http://tinyurl.com/bze5hh
...nici n-am plecat in elvetia ca deja am mai luat un bilet sa merg si in mai la festivalul de boulder www.melloblocco.it :) Life's good.
says good morning everybody! :) http://plurk.com/p/j0g00
Aw, that is so precious! Now, tell us who it's for:)
- i really need to get out of oswestry and take photos of thingssss. cheers, i'll tell u when i've received it :)
Trying to come up for air from emails and phone calls and not being very successful. Oh yeah, and there's Twitter :)
Off to work any minute now, so a full day ahead! :)  You have a nice evening, and will chat again soon :)
that made me chuckle.  hope your day gets better :)
I SECOND THAT! :) !!!
Wonder where the best place to pick up an n810 is in Toronto? Not that I'm desperate, but I love ultramobiles. :)
a new Tech-Diff page is up at www.angelk.at/TECH-DIFF/ enjoy. And go say hi to the artist she doesn't bite :) #webcomic
They're also a nice easy target for me :)
Hubby rode his bike to work today for the first time this season... now I get to have work-days until 6pm! :)
Just saw a couple holding an umbrella together :) how precious.
That's an aesthetically pleasing error message, though - do that make you feel better about it? :)
been listenin to biggie for a long time. love the show! :)
Great game. Nice to see Gerrard and Torres back to their best! :)
heb m :) maar je hebt gelijk, eerst nog even focus ;) haha kom er snel op terug!
Níl aon tinteán mar 127.0.0.1 :)
LOL! :) I even have a public stream, too ... :)
LOL:)
Thanks, but I'm only a Specialist (E-4)... i just made this and it's a nice shiny buddy icon :)
Steven Johnson #cosn09:  Is saying that people will actually use hash mark codes to tweet out speaker notes.  :)
Предложили: Эмиль, Мартин, Хулио, Клепа, Хуан, Герман, Крузон, Вася, Эрик, Умбэрто, Вениамин, Сюня (Сеня), Марко. Уау, такой выбор :)
e ainda bem que acabou.... :)
hah - that came out of no where...think of us as a bunch of paper cuts rather than one hammer :)
12-1 no total. Haverá semelhante na história dos 3 grandes? Huuummmmm... :)
Looks like I didn't get the job :)
hey I seen you on Cavuto and thought "I wonder if she's on Twitter?"...and there you were, so Im a follower now :)
The after effects of Damien Hughes' liquid thinking has left us all whooping.It's highly contagious :).Productive day.Ate loads of cakes :)
But does that regex FIND anything? I guess it does! It finds you ripping your hair out at the keyboard, eh? :)
Waiting for dinner :)
Listening to Cute Is What We Aim For :)
Enjoying days off from work!! :)
Hopefully you'll still go down! :)
:) Sim! No meio de gargalhadas e de comentários como "sou mesmo tola!" :)
just getting up to date ..away from twitter....whoa baby ....exciting by what Mister Reznor announced..15 hours ago. way to goT Rez.omg! :)
thanks for the nice tweet about FootyTweets :) let me know if you have any ideas for the service :)
or go out and get the drive we talked about, pop all your mail down and then...move things :)
:)))) elle a survécu au fait, Nono ? :-p
Time for bed, as I have a full day tomorrow starting with the Gym :)
Novo post: Acessando o arquivo .htacess do blog :) http://geekionizado.com.br/?p=297 !!
Co na to říct... :)
http://twitpic.com/1zjel - Hmm, a day of might get this guy back in the drivers seat :)
C'était bien cool ce revival Microsoft :) Merci les gars !
woohoo, well done loose ladies :) x
thxs :) al net zo voldaan
To all Aussies heading over to #sxsw, safe trip and have fun - ya lucky bastards :)
I'll be the Bar Manager at a place here in town.. booking bands / events and stuff like that. :)
very odd in a semi-cool way.. :)
Flabell has been accepted on GetSatisfaction! You can visit us at http://getsatisfaction.com/flabell and give any feedback you have! :)
Hi Michael! :)
viendo House... junto a Miri :)
I really needed that newsletter.  :)  Good kick in the butt for me and my excuses.  Thanks!
almost done with day one of the MC :)
I totally agree.  However, I must admit Reggie grew up to be pretty freakin' hot.  :)
:)
crazier by taylor swift is lovelovelove :)
Yeah I know! LOL and I think you can handle that test. :)
Vice-versa: todo humorista pensa que é engraçado, mas na maioria das vezes é apenas humorista mesmo. :)
yea i was x im in a really good mood liverpool won :) xxx
talking to her :)
i am thinking will i go to USA this summer :)
hey, i focus tested that :)
afternoon decaffe latte from windowseat infront of fire looking at sunny cold mtn face it is -27C ...up there but balmy right here!!!  :)
out to dinner tonight with jayna then outttt :)
only it would just be taking pics of the inside of the fedex box. which would still be fun :)
is happy about liverpool :) and is feeling particularly strange.
Indulging in some strawberries! :) Yummylicious!
And thank you for the kind words :)
De vuelta de un rato por ahí. Gracias a los presentes :) (aunq uno no me lea jejejej)
thought so, all that itching kinda gives it away :)
*txt* I'm good. Still at Sook's we're getting ready for work. :)
Seeing your work make me realise, or maybe verbalise it. Next ones I should take this in mind :) And what about the chairs? :)
about to get to work.. still playin on facebook :)
I'm back from my walk. What a gorgeous day out there! Not too hot..not too cool...sun is shining and the birds are singing :)
Nice :)
Ahh you've done it lol No sleeping I hope lol I've wanted to see that film but I haven't been able too :( oh well :)
I appreciate the compliment:)
ooohhhh five guys burgers :) hello 1000 calories.
:) So funny. He  has a friend in England who is paying 150 bucks to go see Jackson in concert. I'd go for free, but not pay.
done :) get the word out, you are up to 7%!!
sí, que ahora viene el frío :)
Yeah....What a game. I'm buzzing. Can't understand how I will be able to sleep after this:)
have to go, nighty night. :)
Way to look on the bright side :)!
Just try to focus, clear your mind, and remember what you can and go from there! :)
:)
If you have even the slightest interest in drumming and you own an iPhone, download KanonDrum.  It's effing AWESOME and free :)
No spy outfit unfortunately, but I did put my finger on my ear a few times pretending to have an ear piece in :)
baixando free new EP Nobs :)
спасибо за список радиостанций, будем изучать конкурентов :)
Hey sorry, I'm here now :)
No problem. I'll let you know when they're ready for purchase! :)
I don't think so... that is just what I have to eat that will be in my face withing 3 minutes :)
Thanks so much for your kind words, Joy! :)
the wedding is this Saturday, I am so excited :)
piss off? (*Please piss off?)  :)
: @windbourne, I think you mean.  And yeah, she totally is.  :)
LOL I watched Zoolander on E4 last night, had me in total stitches!!! :) x
Hi, I heard you needed some help? What can we do for you? :)
 ah ok...well looks great so far. I'm looking forward to it. thx for info :)
Well I don't know if my HSA will cover that one :)
thats cute having to have matching moisturiser :) I use Simple's Regeneration range, its great
Hey, it was our pleasure, and I think you provided such great content on that episode too :)
no I adore your voice :)
we're working on it :) Not sure if you saw it yet, but http://docmurdock.com/time.htm for some fun reading
REUNITED. Not gonna lie, it feels good. :)
Axeonos is baking a Turkey for dinner.  I will miss her and all her family that eats tonight.  RIP. :) (I think she boiled it)
[PROBLEM] ALEEERRTAAAA!!! localhost is UP Current Load!! En tu correo hay mas datos :)
LOL - yep, then come out with a paperback 6 months later & charge $18.99 for it.  :)
Just saw Panda Tuesday code.Flickr.com/blog post. Wow. WOW! I love you guys. Thanks for the awesome. :)
sa intoarca microblogerii capu dupa cea mai sexy microblogerita nu? :))
Who how I looove a hudgge plate of food. :))
yumm !! Just got back from the beach !!
wants some pretty girls to pose for me :)
Happy my BFF has discovered twitter!  Tweet tweet! :)
people take it far too seriously, a gnome on a long legger genocidal rampage should not be mocked :)
sisi la prochaine fois, on les fera taper ensemble :)
About to start heading home. Thank you, expressway! :)
Random rants on a few topics. Hopefully stirring a few things up. :) Latest Beast or Buddha post:
http://tr.im/hdSf
thanks for eliminating that extra navigation bar. that was my only complaint earlier. :) looks good.
Crazy girl! :)
just looked at the clock and it's 3:33 :)
Just overheard chatting about "tableizing" something. Loving that the tool has achieved Google-like verb status around here :)
what a fantastic article Lauren! One of the best I've read about you to date :)
are you collecting davies? or steph(v)ens? you're pretty though :) xx
tiens u ook nergens gespot :)
God Bless the Broken Road :)
Ae Mesh tank tops are the sex:)
*sigh* :) http://tinyurl.com/cldvu7
hehe :)
great to see you twittering, enjoyed the book :)
is updating from his phone :)
 Thank you so much for following me!! :)
Не втримався: "був на виставі «божественна самотність» в театрі франка. божественно. самотньо." :)
:) 
} j {
I have painted my toenails a very bold purple:)  It is shocking.
Hi NEE! i'm so excited i have another follower! :)
I love you anyways. I'll call you and we'll grab lunch or dinner beforehand. :)
what? Oh well at least your tweeting :)
 kudos to you! but don't forget to save the planet too :)
of course... As long as I put it in the bed. :)
- Yea, she's pretty awesome! And,  She's bangin for 50+ yrs old too!! :) hahahha
What's that noise coming from the corner of the office? Oh yes... Its the shredder :)
my daughter is a lot more mobile lately.  haven't decided if its good or bad :)  (I know the answer to it, btw)
cute boys at hanger 94 make me smileeeee :)
Sodastreams rock! I've had one ever since I was 9. K-mart still sells 'em :)
that last one was for you :)
Watchin the great Horne and corden :)   
Funny as fooook
get better soon :)
I did find one, but thanks for thinking of me! :) I went this afternoon
Heading home and then to the Spurs game. I love free Spurs tix even if they are nosebleed seats :)
Diane....I'm dying....you're a crazy lady. :)
Margaritas.Smiles. Giggles.Love. Hugs.Food.. :)
is horne & cordonin' it :)
I'm hungry too and exhausted.  Need to write and work on your fic :)  Will log in in a bit
Thanks. Hmm I don't think Mikkel Juhl is such a good name then :)
NO MORE COFFEE! :)
Waiting for the guru to return :)
Not sure you got my reply, so here it is again: here is info about what an hashtag is http://tinyurl.com/4aha6q :)
Ahhhhhhhhhhh! I love 5pm :)
ооооооо!! какой котяра:) хочу-хочу такого:) как зовут?
Hehe, some people create them for a living as well :)
Anne of Green Gables and Genealogy.  Good day, good day :)
Glad you liked. Please re-tweet (RT)   :)
what can I say, I love nachos :)
Another hard day at the office has gone by. I think a nice glass of vino is in order when I get home :)
 But we'll have fun in the meantime :):)
:) $40
thinks it's funny that Intervention found me :)
qual é a do twitter estranho... :)
is losing weight :)
Clovis Trade Show in two days! Getting excited to see all of my fav chamber/clovis/fresno peeps and tweeps :) lol
  Aww...thanks Bree.  :)
our pleasure dude!  see you thurs :)
:))) спасибо!!! буду ждать!!:)
yes that  is what I said...I slept the day away jet lag..forgive me :)
No I didnt! And that stinks. Dont worry G the boobs are out per usual. :)
so much rackspace love going on in that one sentance! :)
Mooi hoor! :)
Haha, its from a movie silly:)
You mean you don't want to work for free?  Weirdo. :) We have drama here too...terminations left and right. Mine field!!
just DM your phone# :) that's it!
ahhhhh, republic of tea acai green tea! Hellllla good :) its limited edition so see if u can find some
there's something pleasant about that sound :)
you'll probably be there before Bert...he's running a little behind! :)
oh please please put montreal on your tour love your music :)
"...dancin' on my tippy toes". Whaddup, Mike! :)
gracias! :)
watching an EXCELLENT copy of Twilight right now :)
good :)
Fuck! I hateee being in chorus. Love the singing, hate the damn uniform =_=
Awesome! Glad 2 hear it. I had fun day shppng w/5 kids age 13 & under. No, really, it was fun! :) Back to grindstone 2morrow
listening to the scene aestheticcccccccccccccc :))
RT If u r havin a bad day I want u 2 play It takes 2 buy Rob Base n dance yr ass off! I bet you'll feel better! Diddy therapy! :)
Good morning people.... I feel good and ready for a productive 1 :)
mja ik was 1) et zelf aan het uitleggen tegen new acquintances en 2) jij was druk bezig met fotoshoots :)
Thankyou for ur kind words sweets n takin time to check it out! :) &lt;3
du får läsa min nya bloggpost och diskutera mer där :)
haha i love it:) i might make myself one, but i don't think i have paint:(
http://twitpic.com/1zkzc - My #Unavatar (Option 2, more to come!) You get to choose today Why? #NothingBetterToDo  :)
Going to Park Slope to meet Susan and hang out. :) I miss my Bean, and am looking forward to hanging out!!
:) that is a very deep thought and its a very true though :) You are definatly the most amazing actress on disney and demi to XD
Yo opino que en esta semana deberían de cambiar su avatar los que van a la #twittmx pa' reconocerlos. Menos que va de botarga :)
ok...why did Facebook just publish a DM I did to someone as my status??  Nothing embarrassing thankfully:)
 Good Samaritan is a good hospital to have a baby at.  Right downtown.  :)
it is certainly that! :)
Now I'm getting it! Liking Twitter :)
se simt pana aici :))
I am at conf at the moment but starting new job tomorrow will slow down on Twitter stream + addiction is not as bad as some:)
the only one i know is sleep and if you are at school, i don't really think it's an option :)
listening to your show on xm the last year has reminded me why i DONT listen to stern!! keep up the good work! :)
alone- heart &lt;3 American idol is on :) GO ALYSON !! I am voting for her a lot. :) you should to :D
awesome will you be there, you can leave the green paint behind :)
Missing Matt :)
hmmmm......quickie in the bathroom? :)
Homeworkkk and talking to Jerri on the telephone :)
thanks ! following now :)  Lesbian Trifecta v.2 ACHIEVED
agreed on all points, kga 2 keer in April Dylan in HMH zien en Lowlands voor nieuwe dingen :)
da er den solgt innen neste uke for man håpe :)
I am deleting this account because I have another one opened - the user name is matayo.  If you are not following that one, please do so :)
eating honey bunches of oats with ALMONDS ! yaaaay . oh and watching gilmore girls :) .
:)  I'm not really for a FAT TAX, but I'm equally against other Sin Taxes as well :)
our 3D in action :) kudos to the team @ Sigma on the launch. http://tinyurl.com/dxp336
e scump sa dea si rezumatele HD... scump si in vreme de criza :))
has de decir yo te invoco :)
FeelinG GreaT!!! :)
can we please get a north carolina show? :)
tweetalicious :)
sophs é uma idiota and you've got me, us, everybody :)
I am happy :)
Referenced you today in a post on The Juniors' drama that you kind of stirred up. :) http://tr.im/hdTe #NASCAR
look who joined the masses...welcome miss twitter hater! I'm so glad you finally came to the dark side! :)
I've been a Fish-era Marillion fan for a while and I only just got into H.What do you/dont you, like about Fish? :)
sister is coming to stay the night and play interview for her big day :)
congrats, finally :)
nope, stenaline page responding fine for me, not that I want to take a ferry anywhere... :)
Sorry...that was meant for spring!  Forgot to direct it!  :)
RT @jennyrjohnson: I am absolutely in love with the fact that it's seven thirty and it's twilight. Early Daylight Savings FTW!  agreed :)
 Thanks!  :)  I really loved all the stories.
jag tyckte ni 2.0'ade lite sist med en blogg som komplement till forumet.. ska ni öppna ett whoa-api kanske? :)
On se pokenera autour de cette fameuse bière que je te dois :) ahah j'ai connu pire comme surnom :p
4-0 4-0 4-0 :))
 You don't like grok?  Or internets? Hmm, although there are definitely some words on this list I wouldn't use, some are ok. :)
tô meio cansado, nada além :)
Hey, I was wondering if Kara's "gamer aunt and uncles" can celebrate her b'day on Wed? :)
you spank bankers! :)  arooooooo
hey you :) I've been good! busy lately, that's a good thing though/house is looking amazing, I have the spring cleaning bug!:D
is going to costco :(  then i have class tonight:)
Yes we do :) Coming very soon #mesh09
twitter rocks my socks, girl :)
als het goed is zie ik en vrijdagmiddag nog even. Zal ik ze nog wat theorie onder de neus duwen :)
ah der lukas legt los :) #tv #total
i'm so happy for you :)
Meeting new people at counties! :)
Just had one of the best evening with my friends.. Will go to bed in a bit.. Goodnight all :) :)
Driving to pick up our dog at grandma's house after a week in windy Texas. Glad 2 see it's sunny here in Cali :)
welcome to twitter :)
ahhh..Kindy..what an idyllic life it is :)
ok, ajd pisem na srpskom malo :)
Well, if you want a hand, then shout :)
nisi daleko od istine :)
Whoa there's a massive image on the homepage of globeandmail.com right now. Oops! I do love that site though :)
cool! lock it in pls! :)
deluje kao klasičan slepac. šta obično preduzimaš u ovakvim slučajevima? Osim što se osećaš počastvovanim, naravno :)
im a vegetarian :) im proud of myself, its been weeks since ive eaten meat, hah
It's wednesday here anyway :)
setting up the wifi at my apt complex...must I do everything?  :)
heeyyy!!! :) i love your showw, your an amazing actress! pleaseeee replyy!
I really miss Paul today! :( I cant wait to give him a big cuddle! I'm feeling nothing but at the moment!! :)
Stumbled across your twitter via a million RT's :) re: hosting, I use plesk. 1.5gb/month/traffic £15 a month. Very user friendly.
just wishes there was less penis in watchmen and maybe wasnt so long:)
hell yes i'm down, im a contest whore :)
Yay thunderstorm again! :)
I refuse to check the press, what's the point, the richer, I mean the better team won :)
home...finally :)
music - Centr.. yeah i listen them sometimes.. :))
I was told by http://www.paulys.net that I should try Kuhnhenn's Raspberry Eisbock. http://bit.ly/6E9g5 Road trip? :)
LOVIN' LIVE:)
I love "If You're Out There" on new CD Evolver.  I told Seth it could be theme song for Tribes. :)
about to go work out!!
:)
You can tell you have a rapport, by calling her 'Evie' :)
a search feature would be nice for twhirl :)
Thanks for the heads up :)
no diapers needed here, yet, but I do have an half a can of old baby formula powder (instant baby?) that needs throwing out :)
thanks! :) its good to be back....seems like i was out of the loop for a minute! wait, i was! lol :) what did we do before twitter?
http://tinyurl.com/6f4av9 hahaha :)
drop me line via email soonest. :)  Yep, glasses are 3D glasses but I love the cool profile shot they gave me
As if anyone could get the tone right other than you, my Lord and Master. :)
off to yoga for some girl bonding time and to get the body moving :)
I am so tired.. It has been a terribly long day. Tomorrow I need to get up early to work on YSB designs. :)
tho I moderately miss HHRS, truly there is nothing like Levin :)
you're welcome-- enjoy! i think you'll like it! :)
http://twitpic.com/1zl9b - My #Unavatar (Option 4, more to come!) You get to choose today Why? #NothingBetterToDo :)
why not?? Come on - there's tons of us old Tripodians over there. We even have a group.. JOIN THE MASSES! :)
Spending some time with Ben, Jerry, and Ally McBeal. Mmmmmm :)
you are redefining cool:) Excited about sbs and our partnership http://tinyurl.com/b5eabv
congrats on hearing back from :)
'Experience is the best teacher, expecially if it is from someone's else experience' Author Unknown, least Unknown to me :)
Before you buy, check out OpenOffice. It opens and saves to .doc, .ppt, .xls, and more. Just a suggestion. :)
mmm fireplace :)
i saw it - it was hilarious! lana = awesomeness :)
:)
Hahaha, I thought that was the only way of debugging :)
tanning gods smiled on me today :)
giletti a martedì champions: tutto sommato lo preferisco a collovati :)
that is always a bonus :) I'm glad that it worked itself out!
I like the sound of that.  :)
"Once upon a time, there were two little fishes..." Awesome! Thank you! :) P-P-P-Pisces! P-P-P-Pisces!
thanks! :), love the videos on youtube though I'm very much a n00b but I'm looking forward to getting my teeth into it
no problem! :) I'll send you the link when it's published (in about 10 minutes)
xhorrorkittenx Oi Im your friend!!! :)
I'm in class to be a Red Hat Certified Engineer this Friday! :) http://www.flickr.com/photos/vickyken/sets/72157615006999333/
reading the genetic encyclopedia htat i found :)
:)  You just made me giggle
omg well done! Hope you get a little further this time in DC :)
and I gained 7 :)
Urphyyyyyyyyyyy hello- that is all.  C U in 3 days!! :)
early start.. .time to hit the sack :) might be too excited to sleep
ah non, Etats Généraux au sens on se met autour d'une table et on réévalue tout, ensemble. Utopie, je sais. :)
I can't wait to meet you too someday! I know we will, it is just a question of when! :)
8 hours. definitely. :) yay for getting work done!
was busy :( I had little work on Sunday too that was not regular one. doing in this week too, now not holiday..need sleep :)
Lalala. Riding my bike homee. Tired as bawlz. :)
The nap part sounds good. The up til 4 am, not so much. Good luck with the studying. :)
http://twitpic.com/1zky1 - yep indeed this is the one you should wear :) haha
Doh! 25man hehe :) I believe we're attempting 10man with 3D later on this week.
I'm glad you are doing so well! :) I've been enjoying Bones all day haha
I won a bloggy giveaway!  What a great surprise in what has so far been such a crappy week.  :)
hey, i was gonna use that profile pic :)
hei-de :)
- i can only imagine. i feel the same way editing Wave submissions :)
was denn? :)
I would be willing to play Madden 2005 over it. I rule that game! :)
Enjoy dude, it's awesome :)
 Gotta miss the BBQ pictures.  But gonna be a very busy night here at work.  :)
good luck :)
I got it and appreciated it :)
Thank you, I promise I won't literally ask a million q's. Just a few hundred, max :) Have a good time in Blacksburg, I love it there.
Just picked up a friend of my sisters at airport. Another PERFECT day here. Sorry so gloomy there...good time to twit:)
@GavinNewsron: Stop twitterfying San Francisco! :) http://tinyurl.com/dkkf95
I've got a bag full of empty cans I drink at work. I feel like a bum :)
Thanks. It's an expression of deadlines, decisions, departure...7th grade science project :)
Think i'll try and finish Catcher in the Rye tonight, Great Gatsby next :)
I FOUND THE GLUE GUN!!  and TOUR DATES = YAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :)
 emily i luv you the "hero in me" i cant take that song out of my head :)
 How fun! SWXSW but I'm still hoping for rain.  We need it bad:)
just installed friendbar ----- think I am diggin it :)
Don't we all? :) I just heart her a little extra now...
http://twitpic.com/1zlcm - My #Unavatar (Option 5, Last one!) You get to choose today Why? #NothingBetterToDo :)
Blogging  :)  http://soozintheshed.blogspot.com/
Is waiting for Scott to come home to eat Chicken Courdon Bleu :) Yummy!
É já a seguir à Anatomia de Grey:)
Oi, compra ingresso pro Radiohead em São Paulo? :)
you should call me for a full report :)
Im so happy to be out of work :)
Napping. Finally :)
Is echt leuk te zien dat er weer meer twitters naar de show geluisterd hebben:) Kewl! En thanx guys voor de input en reclame;)
welcome :)!
Why don't you suggest to Jade that she gets a Twitter account as well? :)
muda a playlist pro WindowsMedia :)
Your pretty. I love you so.! Glad i could help.! :)
cuentame a mi también :)
grigio or noir? i can mentally do either... :)
 @beanfair!  Great to meet you :) #tweepletuesday
I love you Selena, you are the best!!! :) Thanks for getting a Twitter :D - Sarah
Even cooler when playing the game *is* your work. :)
thought it would be just like the eponymous soap opera;oil wells,big hair,drama!JR for president:)was just thinking about u odd.
It's about who's the real Bob and who's he doing and who is the she(s). Ms. Gossip is all over it trying to break it down.:)
how am I a stalker if I am hiding from you?! :)
you have a paper timer? :)
Tack tack :) Du skriver så mkt att det är svårt att hitta tillbaka till just det du kommenterar...
@ mrbobbybones i can tell you it wont work since i have been trying that with you & still no reply. :)
:)
: OK Tone. I am very tired. Gonna sleep. Will update u guys when I get my interview results. :)
LOL I swear I ain't greedy, but in case we ever meet I like bubble play, Capri suns and cheese lmao! :)
 Thanks! :) #LaunchpadINW
is beaming from getting a great testimonial today. :)    Oh and Hi and shout out to my bud Jenny!  Great to see you here! Tweet at ya later!
Not sure about the chocolate fortune cookies, but the chocolate almond cookies sound delish! :)
@standardbykeco: welcome to twitterland! :)
säkert början på nått bra.:)
Just woke up from an amaaaazing naap:) chico is inbetween me legz
Creativity breaks rules. #fact. :)
excited for sound relief concert :)
I like your lips too! :)

***Showmanticism, Vol 1... Coming November 2009***
I don't go to Texas without my baby. And she's at home. :)
Good golly I rock! :)
just click the time underneath, where it says "about 5 minutes ago" or whatever :)
Terminado el Prince of Persia, muy buen juego, me ha encantado :)
Ah, the freedom of the end of the work day. Joy isn't  truly appreciated until now :)
If is in Texas...I wish I was with him! Gotta be warmer than here!!! HIIIII Scott, Kathie and JJ!!! :)
legs are already sore from the workout!! :):)
Hey Selena! We would love for you to check out our fashion website SuddenlyDarling.com! We did one of your outfits :)
is on myspace and on twitter :)
http://twitpic.com/1zle6 - haha, that's funny!  Have a great show :)
Done sweating for the day! Going home :)
@thisaac: We're using #Basecamp as of just a few weeks ago. It is beautifully branded. We love it. :)
I don't know what you are saying with all those numbers and things. :)
:) nice
Straightening my hair & putting my face on..  :) lol
im truckin' along alright! I won't be poking pins at those carpeted dividers for a while to come :)
Frigid. Although Boston (where I am now) is worse...don't move here. :)
No mistake.. that's what is was called.. :) http://twitpic.com/1zeze
We'd bring Sarah, and it has been ages since I've spent any quality time with :) Do tutors come to the biosci ball?
I think that is a gr8 way 2 remember the things we R grateful 4! Got me wanting 2 srt trying that! :)
Li jam alkroĉis du fotojn al lia Facebook-stato, se vi interesiĝas :)
thanks ... it's so nice to know I'm not writing for myself:)
it would be killer if you could fix the site for safari :)
комменты посыпались - уже штук пять их есть :)
| I swear I read the article too and it made me want to work out. With him. Every single day :)
listening to my ipod and on fanfamilyexperiece.com-
go check it out.  it's amazing :)
37 before this forum&guess where I be:The CAFE?! no mans land! haven't been here since midnight breakfast06! hotep James morgan:)
Yes, I LOVE the NOW Widget :)))
the dogs appreciate me.  :)  We're her 3rd home, but she was with a family before us.  she eats kibble too, but not treats.
RTHX Everyone! Its been a good day how was yours? Im calling mine an end :) I'll talk to you all in a couple hours!
yes it certainly is :)
Обожаю Даррелов :) - http://lib.rus.ec/b/12083/read.
napppy time:)
FYI, it was a good day today. Client was very happy and got all questions answered. :) Chalk one up for the Video Ace.
I have got to try this magical Hello Yogurt! It sounds like it solves everything :)
- haha! Oh I do love you, you're one of the awesome ones hun :) xxx
Bedtime.. need sleep.. early start blah blah blah... Once i've finished the book that is.. night folks :) x
Haha ask claire :)
has replied to you? he replied to me once, good job raising all that money. :)
Congratulations!! I knew you were a smartie. :)
let's see if that continues!! :)
lovin horne and corden... CLASSIC!!!! cant w8 4 nxt weeks episode :) xx
let me know your email addy too - I don't have it. :)
Gute Nacht liebe Twitterer :)
ooh! i don't know! could be fun, Olives is a good idea :) cheap drinks as it will be a tues!!
good, can't wait! We'll plan it out more later. Have Joel cook you some good comfort food tonight... and girlscout cookies :)
No class until Thursday. I am making major progress on 1st cert. so I am encouraged!!! :)
If you had stayed in PA you might have been on the show. The characters started there & was discovered on YouTube. :)
Hi Amber.  Now, I see why you haven't gotten back to me. :)  You are in NYC doing @todayshow?!? :)  Wow.
I have made lots of changes in my life lately..fearful but good..here is some recent travels:)www.picturetrail.com/laughteryoga
yoga questions?  ask   raw food questions? ask  they are here to help guide you :)
Having great Italian food for dinner :)
Gute Nacht :) http://twitpic.com/1zlmu
"i got my mind on the money, and the money on my mind." oh and the bf too :)
I thought I was going to have more time you all today but the afternoon ran away quickly :)
TO ALL FAMOUS PEOPLE I LOVE: PLEASE FOLLOW ME :)
OMG SEL I ADMIRE YOU SO MUCH, YOU ARE SUCH AN INSPIRATION AND A REPLY WOULD MAKE MY YEAR :)(l)
getting ready to watch Rachael Getting Married; i love anne hathaway ! :)
cCONTEST UPDATE!!!
OTOG=16 SUBS
LUSTERPURGE94=3 SUBS
VICTORIA LAZA=1
...ITS STILL EARLY FRIENDS....YOU GUYS AND GALS ARE DOING GREAT:)
this one ? :) One Chance: http://tinyurl.com/avffqh
I second that ! :)
New form on governance that would be :) #atsyd
If you can dream it,you can achieve it! I am having quite a few dreams:)
Geez! Guess we're going to have to beat some sense into people. we're awesome and they should just give us what we want :) hehe
Män som hatar kvinnor var en jävligt bra film faktiskt... :)
Well I'm at work. It's okay I have plenty of crackers and fruit leather to keep me happy. :)
Thanks :)
About to go to my first microbiology lab :)
600 tweets! :)
Horseback riding, 4 wheeling, laying by the pool, and liquor cabinets :) i love the Maxwell ranch
Oh that's right - scary basement dweller. :)
oo sis canada ako! Pass sa x-rocks sabagay d me msyado sa bronzers...pero ung pallete gaganda ng colors :) ska ganda din lashes!
RT SmilinNursAnnieVOTE 4 my PALS :) Please tweet: voting for & #lasttwitstanding then RE-TWEET thnx! :)
haha yessss, im on my way home from ny, my cousin and i went up for the afternoon :)
hey, mid me askin what sxsw is? Im new to twitter and from Ireland so have no clue :)
Может просто стукнуть в ОБЭП ^_^? Ой как ребятки-то у нас запоют! Аж РАДАСНА становится :).
Today I'll be talking to my class about new/emerging web publishing business models. If you have any nifty ones to share, please ping me. :)
Ça fonctionne bien chez moi, étrange :) (Hello au passage, tu vas bien ?)
happy its almost march break :)
thanks it was an ok day thou Im tired now! lol no I dont likey house work! ;) HUGS to u as well my friend :)
это я фриланс делаю. Поэтому и ругаюсь тут в такое время:) У них там судя по всему бардак в отделе который сайтами занимается
ps, LOVE rspec. :) coming from trying to emulate it in c#, it's heaven.
Definitely. It's in my RSS feeds. :) (on Viigo and Bloglines!)
It is starting to storm here so I guess I better get off the computer.  Rats :)
I accidentally just kicked my cat in the face! I feel bad! But her sneezing made me laugh! :)
Bhenn the lovely is calling on you.  Put down your Hughooch and greet her!  :)    #hhrs
dank :)
no...you are awesome. Thanks again!!! Want to pay me to keep you company...and maybe a lil sumpin-sumpin? :)
@bargman: Your welcome :)
That's so awesome! Did you take pictures? :)
Pretty cool commercial for Visa - I like this kind of stuff :) Check it out:  http://bit.ly/BIPcb
In Austin for #pubcon. Hoping to run into some other attendees to grab some dinner. :)
my 100th update: will be boring. retiring to bed to watch sex and the city, season 5 if you're interested. Na'night :)
totaly agree it just keeps on getting better totally fancy the arse off Don Draper :)
Musicians: Tell me on Twitter what your #1 frustration with onlone marketing is!  Thanks :) (via @cyberpr)
Smoking!! :)
i know a few ladies i can recruit...:) you are one hot hot man
Thats a good idea, need to get behind the comic relief! :) - R
Eres bien lindo Talakitos.. lo tomare en cuenta. :)
Grijns :)
Not sharing, sorry... I take photos for myself & to share with friends, not the whole world. :) x
Just discovered Saliva (the band), and they aren't pricks and CopyR their music for removal on YT. Good for the Soldier Front Videos :)
- I tried tweeting you at the bafta thingybob.. never mind! :).
I've just received a recognition for my job in 2008 :)
second con in october, and were on silver passes thistime not standard :)
What a day :). Tue, 10 Mar 2009 19:02:08 -0400
No, you're one of the special few :)
About to take the new jogger stroller for a spin around the lake. :)
LOL :) inimigopúblico #sit
Ik jou iig niet heur :)
 if u want, ill send u da song i wrote 4 u..do u hav an email tht i cn send it 2? wel its bout u bein mi hero nd everything:)
One week from today is #furloughgreenbeer :)
I'm totally quoting you (anonymously, of course) for this post (in which I post under an alias anyway).  :)
They are also on my list. The 'pork' pie has also sparked ideas, although finding liquid nitrogen can be a chore... :)
You never know! I've had cars bite me. :))
epah, mas ainda bem... gosto de me alienar... :))) Não achas?? Que tédio andar sp na zona a preto e branco...
thanks for sending it in. :)
i got who you were, just confused as to the change. that's all :)
- hun you're awesome, and you have a lush singing voice too. You actually bothered to come on and be nice and not show off :)
Nope, but I was passing it at one point. :) My latest Loopt update shows a good location. I'm giving it a try on my phone.
Ok, so i found a karaoke version of So Close on youtube and i've sang it 4 times already, its perfect for my voice!! :)))
reading Hunted :)
woo hoo!  I understand your excitement.  :)
Sounds like an HTML problem to me. :)
cool :) #etsytwitter
has tweeter twattered enough and thinks its time for sleep :)
Mas vês bem! :)
po pozivu moj twitter druga se prijavih na http://pratime.com ako vas ima tamo, dodajte me u prijatelje! :)))
is back from Leeds 4 Yeovil 0! :))
alles Gute zum Geburtstag, Butscher! :)
the way it should be!  :)
ahh sounds really good :)
OMG SEL I ADMIRE YOU SO MUCH, YOU ARE SUCH AN INSPIRATION AND A REPLY WOULD MAKE MY YEAR :)(l) and yer welcome
Basic Fitness Theory from the New Brunswick Fitness Council.  I want to get certified and teach/train :)
Tomorrow afternoon?  Sprinkling wildflower seeds all over the fresh dirt!  :)
I lost 2lbs while reading a great book the other day, but gained it back at the next meal :)
El dia que tenga una iMac sere el hombre mas feliz :)
done exercising...mmm endorphine release.... :)
Thoroughly enjoyed the thrashing we just gave Real. :) Am sure B Munich fans loved the 12-1 thrashing they gave Sporting too. BAM!
lol.. how indeed.. :)
ahh so your totally reading these! wooh haha wow totaly chesey moment. Well thank you so much for reading them It means alot :)
i understanding praising it but normalizing porn and prostitution would be anti feminist? explain :)
Picking out courses to take next year :)
I'm one of those people :)  I'd love the follow.. thanks!
*really* had a fun night! and has learnt to ALWAYS have Steve as your partner for Monopoly - what a win! :)
:))))) inseamna ca esti la curent cu tot ce trebe
Kamen eben aus Heidelberg zurück. Perfektionismus pur auf der Bühne! Tolles Programm von max Raabe und dem Palast-Orchester! :)
don't drop the iPhone in the tub, it won't be happy :)
aw grandparents just sent me £100 :) ,  too bad conversion rate sucks!
Meeting tonight. Gonna work out the final camping details. My magazine subsribition finally got here so huzzahs all around. :)
you sooo do girl :) love yaaaa...fo ever.
RT @unmarketing: If you believe business is built on relationships, then make building them your business. &lt;----- I like that one :)
Net terug van de film Defiance (Sneak Preview in Pathe De Kuip). Susanne had vrijkaartjes :) was een mooie film.
true story.  Just live your life :)
can someone tell me what E has to do with a Zappos superhero? I want to be Jesse James...DT says he's brilliant!--bye bye tiny-ice dancers:)
Dont worry, you do. Your gorgeous :)
We're hearing a talk about Scala and we welcome any "n00bs" :)
Hectic day. Bye everyone! :)
We're definitely her forever home!  She's a great little dog.  :)
Me encanta repartir amor :)
Spring break is so close I can taste it... it tastes a little like lemon cake :)
thought i was leaving already.. turns out im NOT, grrr. HAHA im kinda hungry guys! lol,HURRY IT UP :)
had a great evening hanging out :)
yay - just saw it now, will read! :)
teaching my mom about twitter :)
Glad you scored yourself an invite! :)
Hey just heard...congrats! Agape sounds good too! It'll be interesting who will get the meaning... :)
good result and a good game too :)
Have a glass of red wine and you're all better. :)
awww selena your soo sweet! :)
Feel better soon.  Look forward to your sage advise :)
cerrando la edición del diario, tambièm :)
lol its dead easy to use .... and to get addicted to !! :)
eu arrisquei :)
I finished my Aruba scrapbook :)
yeah, sounds the same then - very nice though :)
Both look fine. :) Just don't grow a full beard!
now I just have to work on getting some followers! :)
RT @zaneology: http://twitpic.com/1zl7r - My #Unavatar (Option 3, more to come!) You get to choose today Why? #NothingBetterToDo :)
just followed push play :)
OH MY GOD! YOU CAN SEE DUDE'S WINKY! :)
looking to do some good reviews...anyone got a product they need reviewed..contact me :)
I would travel the world and take some friends with me:)
your ears must be burning, my friends were telling me about your fantastic work this morning. Thanks for friending :)
right done for tonight  night all  :)
haha hey!!!! so funny that you joined!! awesome tho! oh follow Diddy hes funny, and twits alot! :)
 Comedy Central.  :)
I cant spell that last tweet was fer you :)
Cambiado el diseño del inicio de costennita.net me dispongo a ir al grupo familiar!! Dios los bendiga más que a mi  y los guarde :)
been playing Baloono with :) I spose i shall pop off to bed now, early start tomorrow! G'night. xx
Adios a los que se van :)
is thuis van de nichtjes-reünie...ze hadden ook die bewuste uitzending gezien gisteren :)
oooooh and follow russell brand! he's pleaded for more followers and he's really good when he tweets :)
well we can hit up the HOB very soon :)
let's see what we can do to help your pockets out :)
please reply as well hehe :)
i'm on it... give me a few :)
Yay, just got my confirm for Four Tet gig this Friday @ Natural History museum. :)
hola :) Como va todo?
lol. those are 3 things i can't live without! :)
it's unfair to say that GM has a "lack" of strategic vision. What they have is NEGATIVE strategic vision. :))
#BAFTA Crushed by... Layton! Bit disappointed, would have prefered Patapon. :)
CHELSEA MADE ME A BIRTHDAY TOP HAT! my life is complete. heading to Austin's Coffee now to play with Jessi :) come hang out!!
is going home.  :)
I'm visiting a friend in Biloxi next week. I'm going to try to make it up to Jackson though :)
Hey how are u? I wont be able to get on your design until tomorrow Im installing new computer parts. :)
sarah you are the best :)
OH WOW I was wondering what the jump in energy was. did you say YAYYYYY when you saw it. I did :) hee hee
around about the 200 point. :)
well his fave is eggs,shredded cheddar,salt/pepper,ham,spinach...my fave is eggs,mushrooms,spinach,smart ground, mozzarella :)
oh my that is too hilarious! :)
maybe if the birds were bigger or there were more of them. Hit me back later... :)
oaaay voy llegando no manches que goliza y si! me acordé de ti por lo del gol de l niño wiii!! mmm arrachera y micheladas victoria :)
Is in bed. with mah iPhone:) need to get up and switch off numorous computers:(
touche :)
you deserve it:) thankyou
pleasure man! :) hope it helps! :)
Thank you for everything! my husband was KIA in OIF1 and I know he would've loved you! You're inspirational! -Shauna ODay :)
A successful day sciencing. Feels good :)
vocals all done now .. another one ready for a mix down .. toot toot :)
awww that's too cute. Singing with mine :)
Yup, my parents were real troopers on the crash course of the store. but don't worry they won't be on their own until they are super good :)
Hiking with the dogs. Holla. Txt it! x)
L33L33:)
RT What's a little traffic compared to saving your soul?  Freaking annoying, I know. :) Wonder how many went cruising after.
Thanks! But also thank for authoring that great piece. :)
thanks :) going to the game tonight? i dont remember if we talked about that last night.
tou à espera que me chamem ao palco:)
setting up more Super Riders internationally, so we'll have 10 :)
Getting a car wash. So fresh:)
It's Tuesday night ...  sleeping time. :)
Nite :) x
just got back from the gym! shower :)
Just saw Slumdog Millionaire, loved it :)
Dead Leaves is a 50 minute crude, rude, and slightly hilarious romp. Kinda like Shoot Em Up - just more animated. :)
you have such a great site. love knowing what to do here in the city :)
new classic is on love it:) I am sure alot of your fans could not thank you for being so true to them          -Ariel
Job interview!? D: :)
At least they can't see you rolling your eyes and twittering on the side. :)
Active day today.  Non-stop going.  Got a little positive news which made it all worth it. :)
Hehe challenge your butcher! Can't wait to see what you make :)
"alô, mãe? TRAZ CERVEJA :)"
Mi kredas ke li nun aspektas iomete pli maljuna, sed ĉu tiu estas bona afero aŭ ne, mi ankoraŭ ne decidis. Eble jes :)
@adreich: Thanks for the kind words about our community support. I certainly wouldn't complain if you mentioned that to our CEO. :)
Got it :) hooked me up!
So you ARE going to #sxsw? I wasn't sure from your comment whether you were or would just happen to be in the airport :)
is off to play on his OXM Issue 44 demo disc and then go to sleep for my early rise for College :)
I got my deluxe version of Kelly's All I Ever Wanted...now to get the autographed one in the mail. What a great day! :)
Yes, because we answer to a higher authority.  :)
You're so sweet :) You made my day.
OMG I SEE U TOO !!! YAY... IT WORKS :)
pdf goed? :)
No Problem! Thanks for following me! :)
hi, ich war mal so frei deine Liste mit Apps ein wenig zu ergänzen :)
iiloveeeeuuuuu. i calleed youuu yesterday :) and yes you bring THAT much happiness into my life. thankyou.maybe you could reply?
thanks. I've got rifa.co.uk too :)
eless i jsut updated a little on yourrr fic:)
Playing with my crackberry :)
reunião sobre conep no cap :)
Going on a bike ride :)
que va! fui a ver a mi chica @edeabcn. Solo coincidio que pasaba por allí :)
 terias público :)
bueno, creo que es hora de ir a la U.....creo que me quedaré dormida así siento que el tiempo pasa más rápido :)
Reading about it now for the first time. Oh god :) You'll be the bride, and I'll take pics ok? :D
I hope so too, its a scary run.  Spectating is sooo fun :) I am so excited you are going to be there!!!!!!!!
Oriental ramen noodles. Oh yes :) cant wait for tomorrow, its gonna be beast.
Senator, what are you doing about the pork from your side of the aisle? And can Harry Reid borrow some of your mojo? :) #tcot
 ♫ "I told people I was a drummer before I even had a set, I was a mental drummer." Keith Moon quote ♫:)
is getting ready to watch American Idol :)
Is Caroline your daughter or someone at the station?  :)
don't be ashamed, bask in the counts glory. :)
Did they do it? What was the best score? Nah, my soccer team is doing it tonight :).
it's had twitter polls for ages :)
Some ass just threatened to shatter his BB on the ground and go to Verizon. I told him that he was a free man and could do w/e he wanted :)
Ixi puseram o Gustavo pra falar lá na frente, e ele gooooosta :) hahaha....
I wish I'd never seen Star Wars. :)
ich kenn sie alle. :) außer die aus hessen! :)
Down loading pics from Hawaii!!! :)
I like your enthusiasm young man. :) Hopefully see you tomorrow.
Relaxing at home :)
Looking for freelance. Graphic design print or web. Hook a brother up :)
thanks :)
You know, Boston's only a short drive/train ride from New York...  :)
talked things out. things are out in the open now :) i just hope friendships/relationships dont change because of this blow out
aww thanks! am glad it cheered u up :)) thanks for the follow :)
First comment on Sels blog :) Surprising!
is that where you're staying? I love Spain :)
"dance like you mean it" :)
Sitting back relaxing and going to watch American Idol tonight:)
 THAT MAKES MEE HAPPPPPY :)
Okay must make workout before close. To clear frazzled thoughts :)!
love this cover :)
Sure! just got home a few minutes ago :)
hahaha "the normal definition this time" and i'll have to agree with you!! :)
Hey Selena :) i love making graphic designs of you! Check this out (clickitiyy) http://tinyurl.com/b85wec
Thx Ann! I have been missing my MktgProfs Updates in my inbox:) Cheers & Positive Vibes after your crazy day!
whatever works for you, do it! I would like to hear what your "ears" are telling you. send links! :)
is finishing up some images & then putting my son to bed :)
I'm seeing the Decemberists in Oakland next month, I think :)
Two evenings in a row with gorgeous weather and a hot grill. Life is good. :)
wer Post in #gmail speichert, braucht wegen Vorratsdatenspeicherung nicht mucken :)
 Thanks. Looks like you had a good weekend in Lille :)
I downloaded punk goes pop 2 for you for my birthday. :)
Out with the guys grabbing dinner. Think we are doing pizza house. Yum. Haven't been there in while, so yay. :) Love eating local.
Hopefully it won't take you 12 years and 5 rehab stints to finally knock dates :)
Misc YouTube vids of #Phish from this weekend. Loving the Frankenstein w/ Page on Keytar :)
yes thanks. Sorry if you thought otherwise... :)
 Thanks for the RT :)
I'm sure this is all over twitter by now http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/technology/7926509.stm  MySpace *is* pretty low rent! :)
Technology: Technology blog | guardian.co.uk  - it seems that google reader accepted it so thats lucky :)
LOL thank you jaime! :)
is gearing up for the search committee mtg. tonight...then hopefully catching up with a bunch of the NASPA peeps :)
I'm here I'm here! You just got two for the price of one! It's been a long day of meetings and red tape :)
that isn't always true with Lucene.NET :)  trying to mitigate its leaks with some detection/handling... see if it works
that's pretty deep :)
woo twitter :) this isnt that much fun
Traveling the world to see Trivium woo!! :)) so much fun dude. we gotta make signs to hold at the venue to show our Trivium lovin
tanky - I figured you'd know :)
 thank you :)
Агрон го мрзи, на Мируше не и стои радикалноста, Љубе рецитира, Нано парира, Имер се држи, Фрчко паузира у говор, а  Џоле е чесен :)
I'm on the latter crew now:). Now at soccer game.
Puuuhleeeasee! Like you have her on weekdays and I get her weekends and everyother day ending in "day" :)
Misc YouTube vids of #Phish from this weekend. Loving the Frankenstein w/ Page on Keytar :) (@sliderock9)
how about some more snow? :)
I thought they were freedom fries? They sure do count even popcorn does :)
About to take some photos of my mom! She is so pretty :)
Hi M, YAY you are here now :D Chirashi sushi is a variety of sashimi on a bed of rice. :) better value I say than sushi pieces!
Just swing by at 10:30 for the ice cream excursion, drop a dm or text first so we know to wait foe you :)
they should do that with iTunes on Windows... horrible really, but didn't know they're kinda disabled in that area :) blame @Apple
thanks diddy :) he sure is! Amen!
- that looks ace! I was wondering about frying the lampreys - I bet that would be nice with a beer batter or something :)
you are so amazing. and a great rolemodel [+demi & taylor. ] i hope you read this. or reply. that would mean tons. :)
escuchando HL radio :)
Focus group went well! Very happy :)
U mean on the BlackBerry?  Wanna make sure I'm answering the right question. :)
yessss... they are scary.  just trying not to think about it and just go do it :)
hey hey hey ! i hope yu qet tht job too . 
:)
@jasonsalas: Good luck. :) Maybe we'll defy all logic, and Big Business will play nice with open standards. Maybe.
blacks and heinekens at muna's. :) i've missed my best friend.
Después del mega correo que tenía pendiente desde hace unos días a ver House un poco al sofá, aunque me dormiré :)
Do what feels right - if it is meaningful for you, use it! Just be prepared to explain it if asked :)
that's funny, cos i love chris, and miss him oodles. :) july 21st boy, get stoked &lt;333333
is at the Rodeo w/ coworkers entertaining clients!!!!  Are you here too????  :)
Much love back! :) Cool new avatar, btw. :)
Glad to help out! Know what it feels like. Lot of German candy I miss. Used to drive friends crazy with requests for CARE parcels:)
quality of cg was superb! (imageworks worked on it!) - go see it now!! :)
vendemelo please :)
congrats! :)
there's a banking law test?! I work at a bank and know nothing of this :)
I'm a man  interested in  women....& friendships...& networking...& laughs....& stuff :)
don't think you will have a hope in hell in ignoring tweets containing the word nom :)
Ok so I'm watching Zach Arias's Critique of photography and websites.Can He do mine next time?? I sent it to him so here's to hoping so :)
 i heard that the sun does a pretty good job of tanning a person....... :)
is in love with brum accents and guys with lisps.... well most accents and most lisps :)
sending out press release...NOW :) http://risingstarpr.com
aw selena! you are seriously so amazing. you deserve the best :)
Free country music live from Griffintown, Montreal Country Music, PQ :) http://tinyurl.com/cp86gf
went to visit the neighbors, too lazy to walk down the path so climbed. Wish i hadn't. Might put an injury pic up. Its nasty :)
Night dude. Congrats on the work! :)
of course they will! would you leave either of these bodies? :) http://burnurl.com/N6SBGG
What is Hot Seat :)
Sounds yummy! I so could use some more chocolate you guys made it was really good :)
Not saying hartford isn't magical:)
rofl... try it let's test it out :)
I am sooooo tired but happy I got to see a long lost friend today :) Mehh still hung up on someone...
Can't wait to see american idol tonight! :)
Sleep? :)
RT @guykawasaki: Periodic Table of Typefaces http://tweet.alltop.com/a625 Also see http://typography.alltop.com/ - for you, :)
feature request? :)
One more hour of hell. Then going to see the girlfriend:)
why? lol what would you describe as "techno" :)
Wow, I found out if you compliment your YouTube haters you usually are guaranteed another subscriber :)
hey if you get the chance watch this http://www.youtube.com/saraandamyarecool
thanks i love you :)
Wow the Oprah show is really helpfull, I recorgnize myself in the stories, and the talk of hope, it's so weird how life can change so fast:)
Muito verdade :). Pior que os sportinguistas devem estar os autores desta ideia hehe #sit
 My sister-in-law is a stylist in Austin. If you have time, you should give her a call :)
The pool temp is 85 degrees.  I'll probably be swimming by Saturday.

I love Florida sometimes  :)
i'm lying in bed buzzing on caffeine. when will i learn to not drink coffee at night. i like it far too much. oh well, u only live once :)
I know... they are sooo yummy!  And have extra sugar/cinnamon on them :) hehe
yay! sorting out my tumblr theme! :)
:)
About to head to the girls bball game :)
Cut Copy tonight woo whooooo :)
Arnold Palmer. Sunflower Seeds. &+ Taylor Swift :)
I'm happy 2 help anytime. :) Battled self-image vs. media issues for years. Still do. Definitely don't be 2 hard on yourself.
Critique of her website. :) The callers are her peers and Online Dominance students offer constructive criticism
this one ? :) Sublime: http://tinyurl.com/bupsbj
Just Got Soup :) mmmmmmmmm Dads Homemade Stuff Is The Best :) Makes Me Feel At Home.
and have it on my name.. :D say in Nany Micucci's Name! [bite] hahaha :)
@rob_sheridan, Thanks to you (or the lucky intern) for uploading all those videos to Vimeo. :)
- you made my day seeing the RE/MAX balloon.  :)
homework time..and TACO time..Texxt me:)
having a moie night thursdayyy..maybeee. with my girlllsss cant waitt
sure :)
However I hope you're not coming in august because I'll be in Thailand then.
http://twitpic.com/1ywlo - haha! thats bad! hey, you should follow me :)
i agree, he is quite the looker :)
haha I have loved Lucic since his junior days :)
Awesome day so far, maybe going to the lower market in a few :)
I'm proud of you hacker :)
Really? What type of stylist? :)
так что как-то неубедительно ты доказываешь, что тебе нужен VSTS :)
 #TCOT  -- What was it? I certainly want to know so I can add it to my tool box as well :)
what's up stranger? welcome to smart.fm :)
You ain't nothing but a hedgehog, foraging all the time, no you ain't never pricked a predator, you ain't no porcupine, night kids :)
Good luck! Thanks for posting. :)
back home.. full of pizza.. life is good :)
GETTING READY TO THROW MY PC OUT THE WINDOW..TIME FOR A MACBOOK :)
Dang I really wish I spoke spanish right now. And mami doin my hair is thicker than a snicker! Lovin the moment :)
Hi Loral!  Great to see you here. :)  let me know you finally made it on to Twitter.  Woohoo.
reading the cab's blog:) can't wait for bamboozle roadshow april 15!!!!&lt;333
priorities?  What's that? 0:)
:)
Already knocked myself out on TV (um, not literally...) but will be reccing H&C on iPlayer to everyone I know :)
:) :)
my SU! box arrived today...hooray!!! :)
yup true story lol :): yup true story lol :) http://tinyurl.com/dyd7qm
makin or buyin? :)
It's 7:19pm & it's 70 degrees on the porch. Sweetness :)
Hamdulillah :) productive day! Good night tweet world, Salam to all
Ah, I was wondering why you hadn't called back. :) Glad to hear they like it!
true story. Just live your life :): true story. Just live your life :) http://tinyurl.com/ct35hg
you are the cat's Meow!!!!! :)
is printing London and Rome pics.....oh the memories :)
Das habe ich gesehen. Glück gehabt. :)
hey girl heyyyy:)
Drinking boba tea and celebrating a half-anniversary :)
oh and Purim is good. God is the good above all other good. O Righteous God, in You i take refuge. pray for the peace of Jerusalem. :)
thanks bb. :) I love the colors. I'm just going to hate waiting 10 days for it. :(
Das sind so Bilder, bei denen man sich sofort an einen anderen Ort wünscht... :)
Omg she already yelled at me several times in the car today Haha so yes i was very happy to find it :)
is sitting in bed watching Family Guy :)
devo ser eu k estou a ficar com manias de miuda :)
oki! Si me lo pasas lo sacamos en ¡Vaya Tele! :))
Just felt my baby boy kick for the first time :)
I love it too! Incredible effort to coordinate but likely easier each time...:)
texting nessie :)
seeing a friend for dinner :)
i think i'm a bit of  a genius. :) got bass pt.1 in. exporting!
just finished cleaning up!, doing laundry now :)
neenz@alltop.com or faleafine.com is good :)
I should have known that, was Mo for 23 years.  I think the tequila makes me forget :)
Parkway. Again. With Bre :)
going to rent a movie. :)
Ta Rob! :)
nth shore! :) (brother has a flat in Mosman)
Mmmm...procrastination. :p Don't fret, keep your cool, get yourself organized, stay focused and you'll pull through. :)
I'll take anything!  ;)  :)  :D
theres also a bad cut and paste. the dude in front of a women with an ugly hat has two hats on :) right behind bush.
Technically is "teh moneys" :)
u have some catching up to do but you'll enjoy this season im currently finishing this weeks episode, :)
LOL I have the funniest friends! :)
Great!  This is JUST what I needed. :)
iphones are sweet I used to have one but now I have the blackberry bold :)
what a mighty fine choice! :)
you can still look for opportunities to go, man. :)  don't give up so easily yoo.
You should seriously look into motivational speaking :) I'm loving it!
FR work on such a beautiful day...go figure :)
hey selena. I'm a  huge fan, You're an amazing singer and I LOVE you on WOWP :) how are you?
is 3 hrs early for work :)
I have just one word: TurboTax! :)
@OfficialSG
Hey Selena, 
I can't wait for your album :) I love wizards, you are my favorite actress.
How are you? I hope you are doing good.
MarieCurie nurses should be paid a fortune though, in fact all nurses and midwives should be (can't you tell I used to be one!!) :)
ooh thanks fr letting me know, and yeha i hope so :)
pois é... como eu acabei de provar :)
Vamos ver até quando aguentarei só jantar frutas! Por enquanto estou indo bem, mas foi um dia só. :)
If you can manage to avoid the morons, then the k-garten fights magically disappear :)
just had some delish vanilla yogurt from trader joes with granola :) homework time.
I hate doing that. I've done it twice before.. how I did it twice is still a mystery to me :)
 hihihihih, é mesmo. E sem ops, que estes dois que ali estão são porreiros, mas são newbies :)
Great! I hope it goes good for you guys! :) Come play P-Town again soon!
But would u trade places? :)
ahaha, not yet, I'm building up to it :) Everything I've done so far is abit simple...you?
They all are, it's a vast feline conspiracy. :)
Mom's meatloaf + potatoes = DELICIOUS! Oh the perks of being home :)
Pa qui Pa llá :)
haven't tried it, but thanks for the tip :) will try asap
My mother is so happy with the gift charles got for her which means I am really happy and proud. :)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! :) for a happy song: i love anything by colbie callait, sara barielles, jason mraz
zoe calls it the twitnet :) and yet she is intrigued...hello michael phelps.
I'm writing my first twitter ever. Hi :)
man so tired, left recording studio @ 5am, mean night tho :)
We expect photos :) Did you got for the 12" or the larger model?
E o mais legal, esqueci o carregador do pc na 4Ps :) Ou seja #mefodi e vou ficar sem PC em uns 30 minutos... :( Expediente só amanhã agora.
... it's all about building up our wedding experts!!  That's what Style Unveiled loves to do :)  We're glad you liked it!
@plan9production# Now I am not a watcher~except for the big tour events I just can't watch~Want to do :)
I keep my pencils in a coffee jar :)
Haha. I just avoid anything that has to do with religion. :) I also ignore anything said about religion.
just gave me a drupal cheesehead button :)
Daca scriu "marketing" sunt contactat prin twitter search, daca scriu "accomodation in Paris" nu vrea nimeni. Hai, poate acum :)
Just got home to from a llllllllooooonnnnnggggg school day ! Surfing YouTube for funny videos :)
You're obsessed with the cherry Hamen Taschen. :)
no need for jim jones...I'm all the "Harlem" Dallas needs :)
Thanks Dave. Going to try to trial version first. :)
Tonight's blog post will be all about my new Mac Mini :)
Thx. It wasn't as bad as thought. :)
"Aaargh, bright lights, let me back inside!" :)
@billhanifin#No need to convince :) I love it because its fun and u play with friends~to me golf is all about who u play with~not how well
 SNAP :) :) :)
yes, made it back in one peice, thanks rob:)
going to punch to get some delicious pizza!! punch is our favorite :) yummy! (via twitter.com): going to punch t.. http://tinyurl.com/bct78f
thanks for that! my dinner with friends was very delightful - a belated birthday dinner at a yummy new restaurant :)
you deserve all the support you can get. Your awesome, and that's all there is to it :) i look up to you  &lt;3
Mmmm. Creamed potato and carrot soup. Good evening :)
cant wait to get out of this town!!:)
hi - who is this? SR right? :)
i love my cake.  thanks :)
Hangin with The Hit at the conservatory. TAI tonight. :)
this is clearly a case of where using proper expression will not get you understood!  Speak English, dangit :)
fair enough :)
http://twitpic.com/1zmgz - aww...so cute :) they *cannot* be trouble!
bugger that - make write it as a rhyming sonnet. :)
Driving: Don't do it. Flying: First class. Train: Never been. Bus: Do I even need to say it? :)
Watching The Matrix trilogy, all by myself with a big sack of popcorn! :)
well well, i didn't expect this. Giving twitermundo a go eh? :) Good luck with ya interview.
Why, thank you, very a lot extremely cute [and favouritest] kitteh... *blushes bashfully*  and big cugglez for you MMMMMMM :)
now That is worth tweeting :)
Weather was beary nice here today. Nice to go outside and enjoy the sun. :)
I'm back, yet again....been a sort of yo-yo day :)
Buenafuenteeeeee :)
hi ann, you need anymore info from me to get started?  i want to start writing :)
thanks! It's indeed a different animal. Gotta get over the shaky hands now :) and the fact I've got no Control-Z
Leaving Vegas! Took car back , just got on the the plane @ the private terminal near the famous "Las Vegas Sign." Be in LA in 38 Minutes! :)
oh, yum. sounds good :)
How do we even choose! :)
Big Bang Theory as in TV show, not the actual theory. I mean, i don't dislike it, but it's not all that funny. :)~
enjoy AZ! :)
I'm only a ferret on the inside... :)
i'll join :)
- sleep sweet me lovely. Lotsa Nizzie dreams coming your way :) xxx
"i wanna make love in this club" - definitely the summer set &gt;:) http://tumblr.com/xia1etbdm
wow! that's some truckload. It would never fit on the backstreets of Boston :)
plz VOTE 4 my PALS :) Please tweet: voting for & #lasttwitstanding then RE-TWEET thnx! :)
hmmm... curious what you have to say about the spam/junk folder then? :)
Grabbing some dosas for my parents on their return home. Hope it's a warm welcome for them (they'll only need food; not me :)
i love you alex&lt;3 3/9/09 forever and always :)
got sponsored todayy fer my acting carreer to finally take off :)) eep!
2/3 chalk boards up.  Cutter's truck arrives...needs tuning :)
I cannot wait! Ah so excited! I might pee my pants hahaha :):)
- we can make some next time you're over. :)
Feeling so fortunate today!  Can't wait to start my internship! :)
http://tinyurl.com/oh7pk My fav. drummer and the ending to my fav. song :)
Right time for some sleep to get ready for tomorrow! :) Tweet you later! ha
Haha. I'm throwing John a bacon-themed surprise party for his 40th. In my search for all things bacon I ran across that. :)
Made a lovely spag bol. Yummers! Got a bit left for lunch 2mro. aint made spag bol in ages! still perfect :)
think yoga! :)
You know what they say about assuming... :) Most def will call, hope baby cooperates!
I think so. If you're up for it. :)
I think i'll go jogging... I need to prepare my body to backpack in Glacier Natl Park next week :)
bottle of red....bottle of white..... @courageous_one. then how 'bout just WE enjoy the cocktails? i'm going for the red. honey's home :)
I like that idea :)
omg. sel gomez is the bomb diggity foo. :)
i want people to know me. and my voice. i just wanna sing my heart out. x)
but i just cant.
Awww... you're a good kid and quite funny!! Even though I'm kinda old for it, I enjoy watching "Wizards" with my little bro :)
He's just "that" nigga. Soon, you'll be stylin' all these hoes. :)
hopefully this will be the last history class i have to take :)
Is doing hw and taking her history of the beatles exam online :)
Hab gezählt. D'oh, 49. :)
HP fan, anyone? :)
Thank god for wikibooks. This learning C lark is moving slowly :)
 Thanks, sweetie, but it's really no problem. :) Anything I can do to help, any time. :-D We all have our down days.
Noo bread and rice til april...I think its doable :)
not understanding the whole twitter thing yet:)
awesome! I bet you are excited :)
in historyy :)
I love when my code is all working and checked in just as 4:30 rolls around! :) Taco Tuesday, here I come!
i'll give you $50 to call into kiss fm tomorrow here in austin :)
Looks amazing. I see you survived the tomatoes. :) Did they taste OK?
watching you on Ellen :) DANCE ON!
VOTE :) ELECTRIK RED "SO GOOD" *NEW MUSIC VIDEO *BET 106&Park* http://106andPark.com - http://www.bet.com
i must be powerful. there's a gorgeous picture of you up already :)
RT @Punknews: #punknews Lipona post new EP for free download http://tr.im/hdVa &lt;-- Is good, listening and enjoying now :)
sel, we are just as glad to be your fans as you are to have us. :) you make me smile. :)
De lujo...! A mi también me gustan de ese tipo. :)
 most megbántottál szinte mindenkit twitteren :)
back in the bat cave.... processing videos! can't wait to publish these episodes! :):) LOCK and LOAD.. time to boss up the to-do list!
I know, I love to Ski too, but I want to wear my cool tees too! You didn't help I am still jealous!  :)
algunestamos estudiando y haciendo los deberes, para que no nos riñan mañana en clase :))
http://twitpic.com/1zmmk - haha :) one of our graphics guys has it as his desktop background. #typographygeek
can we at least hope for a little better service from AT&T then - like in "more real 3g in at least a few places"? :):)
It's hilarious when they do that :) But isn't the lens SWEET? :)
I wanna see you looking like a dyke :) haha love you
the brightside I can offer you is that you'll have a much easier commute home! :)
Sorry, my comment was meant for but I made a typo :)
Vakkert! :) Bom b-b-bom b-b-bombom Bom b-b-bom b-b-bombom
Yeah Harmonica! bootiful! :) http://tinyurl.com/4ujemx
Holy Crap, three followers...in like 15 minutes! Anyone out there needing some Graphic Design, or headshots :)
Great job on Jimmy Fallon the other night. It was like an extended version of update! :) Would you be willing to do an interview?
Maybe one day I'll be ready for a grown up social app,but for now I'll just tweet instead :)
very true :)
nighttttttttttt :)
the way doesn't really matter, as long as you like it :)
klassiker :) noe enhver suksessfull kvinne må ha... Eller? ;)
Interesting statistic, hope you are wrong though :)
coole avatar :)
tou com fooome... mas tou conseguindo escrever :)
@kelsluffsyou
haha well im happy you're happy :)
a tad confused.
i like twitter :)
[-O] i wish i was going! one day! :) http://tinyurl.com/bm6rsk
movies with brother :)
Hee, no worries. Night night :)
RT @ComedyQueen: Thank you so much! Now in the £210-£215 area! Thank so much for helping :) xx
When are you coming back to Sydney, Australia? :)
Where on BYU *campus*, that is. :)
At pacers game drinking some blue moon :)
nursing my baby boy. it's the only time i have time to be on the web but i have to type one fingured:)
RT @danlopez2012: LMOA..  heh.. what? like I'm not overwhelmed with the add on of hashtags as it is :)
Finaly got beta key for BFH:)
I was naughty and ordered a Flip for myself. I kept hoping someone would send one for review, but I just couldn't wait for fate anymore! :)
RT @vipvirtualsols: Retweeting @CMChadwick: was commenting on your lovely avatar :) - She IS a beauty eh? :P
I am not sure I know..... :)
about to make cookies for my very first Purim! :)
listening to My Fair Lady..the OBC. it was all of $2 and I'm loving it:)
There's nothing wrong with that!  Early bedtime is how I keep my sanity.  :)
never!!!! Its my fav:)
Avondje Kolonisten van Catan gespeeld, altijd leuk... als je wint :)
great to meet you too and I'm sorry I had to run off. Maybe we can convince Jackson & to schedule a re-match soon :)
With hopes that maybe I'll get a chance to see you when I close my eyes. See you guys tomorrow. good night :)
Is missing SU and Em who must not miss him! :)
This dream album really got me inspired. So creative. Cooking then writing :)
Looking for a gym?  I go to AllStar Fitness and I love it!  Heading there now actually :). It's on 5th above Cold Stone (I know, ironic).
Good night Tweeps:) have Giddy dreams!
diggin taco bell. :)
We are busy bees. :)
looking forward to our taste meeting tonight!  Virginia Skinner is going to be speaking and I'm sure it will be very motivating. :)
Great job with the stream -- quality is pretty good for a live feed! No lagging on my connection at work :) #A29
#mw2 PLEASE more sniper missions in the campaign like 5-7:):):):)  keep SOAP alive!!!!!!
:) so true. thanks!
Looks great! I just signed up. :)
Sorry to hear that. I hope it goes well:)
Installing MATLAB 2009a :)
Yay! Going to see attack! attack!:)
I'll let you touch my netbook. :)
you are such a superstar.  give those sweet beasties some love for me.   I need to see you again soon, I'm getting shaggy.  :)
glad it went okayy :) xx
I hate those damn oompa loompa's :)
the knee seems to be holding up ok right now thanks :)
It was nice finally meeting all of you ladies! :)
SO much going on at the moment and it all seems super-positive :) 2009 is gonna be busy but fun! Bring it.
typography is good tho :)
Generally, I'd have to say legs. 'Cause you need legs every day...pudding? You can have any time! :)
I have to agree with you there. I like that, the church of Twitter :)
Having a glass of wine on the back porch....by the pool :)
almost got arrested today :) photos came out nice though. worth it
this one ? :) Neko Case: http://tinyurl.com/cdvoyb
A aparut Cancan pe twitter :)))
va a nanna! Nottola a tutti :) http://plurk.com/p/j0mzy
Watch this space for a new SoE song :) - Richard
dude, don't you have a run to do? :)
well then let me know and next time it can be done for you :)
- Yes! :)
you are officially cool, you have twitter. yay :)
- http://graphjam.files.wordpress.com/2008/08/webdev.png explains what you are doing... :)
- Shatner rules. :)
yes, but I'm following you now, that's should make it all worthwhile :)
Only good looking guys work at the apple store :)
im officially a youtube addict. i blame you :)
Tonight is my good friend sue's birthday dinner. We're going to La Vecchia. It'll be a good time. :)
:))) Классная картинка. :))) "Ранеток" - нннэнавыжу, э!
is going to have coffee - oh the happiness :)
Dave Ramsey :)
NICE !!! RT @talkturkey: re: Istanbul... here's the real Istanbul :) http://tinyurl.com/b5h3gu
:) deli değilmiydin :p re: http://ff.im/1rmjx
I just want the world to know the uncensored radio showsthat are popping all over now were my idea a year ago.  I want my credit Carolla:)
hehe thanks mate! :)
u got a twitter! i love your voice, i CANNOT wait till your album comes out, count me in for the tour:)your AWESOME!!!
ahhhh - the full moon :)
@briang2k++ ! :)
Need to focus on the project for IT class then update my article for @nettuts. Got some great material to add in :)
I'm only following you b/c I see your free laptop has just arrived. :) Or maybe you haven't seen one of those twitter people yet
Good afternoon! Unfortunately, due to apparent time difference, also Good night. Hope you have a good evening :)
You bet! Where's your rss that I can grab? Tried to find it, but I guess my eyes are crossed. :)
Another day, at least I got some exercise! :)
I take that you liked what you saw! :)
i make my own bread all the time. bagels take more work. but, yeah :) making the sundried toms is easy enough also
mate ur already one of my linkedin ppl :) #atsyd
Friendly social networking competitors - sign of a growing market :) #atsyd
Yahoo! I think you"ll like it! :)
1:37 am in Cairo and I need to be awake at 6 am. Yikes! Good night everyone :)
You, my friend, ARE AMAZING! :)
having a few glasses of wine :)
acabei de ver seu blog. to maravilhada com as fotos! :)
Got some more psychology books at my library. :)  Those'll be fun to read.
http://twitpic.com/1zfh3 - Hon, you still look as if in shock that you twittered. You're doing all right. :)
ferPecto :)
Dinner was good now eating a cinnamon roll for desert and watching attack of the show :)
Rehearsing :)
thanks for following :)
is now thinking about Wine Country this weekend… haven't done that before. :)
he's  desperately trying to design a mark, even tho i tell him constantly that he do not need it :) wordmark is just fine
is taking a NAP before Slumdog Millionaire...hopefully it's good!  At least she has a hot date. :)
boa noite e bom descanço :)
about to go to the new church and try to find some way to be useful. :)
nice essay! :)
Bought the Black Lagoon DVD, they say it's really good :)
LOL  :) #creepy
watching the aftershow with dan and jessi:)
Playing golf with the grandparents. Life is good :)
Hello tweeties, I'm now tweeting from home :)
My new Slofly28 is done and I need to maidan her soon :)
Just saw the homeless man from church with his freedom church shirt on. :)
I'm going to update my blog, back with the make up stuff :)
Please Support Hawaii Red Cross, a non profit org. This Friday, Saturday...Your Donations Will Be Welcomed at www.hawaiiredcross.org :)
you aren't kidding.  the whole world opens up online.  so much to learn, so little time! :)
Was Halak :)
Hey Emb :) Wonder'n how ya play went n didn't know U were in2 actn :)
like your site - need anything just whistle :) We're quite good too ;)
In the process of doing a mobile blog :)
http://bit.ly/1Bhyi The Rock sure raced to dibs Barack as him! His movie Race to Witch Mountain coming out this Friday! :)
So we made it to Phoenix with no AZ State Trooper run ins, YAY.  Those guys love their speeding tickets so I feel lucky :)
OMG i finally love my page , everyone should cheak it out :)
just finished setting up my new twitter account and trying to catch up on email - the story of my life :)
having lunch with a cutie never gets old, but having lunch with two... um, yeah :)
going to make a gig at Boteco da Ilha, floripa-brazil! one of the best cities in the whole world! great energy and vibration :) (daltri)
Ahh....thanks for the info.  I will continue to avoid the store.   :)
Heading to Smyrna to feed my starving working man :) LOL.
TITO GUESS WHO HAS TWITTER NOW :)
I really need to use whiteboards for homework more often - great brainstorming tools. plus, dry erase marker high is fun :)
shame FM radio can't afford them, or the radio format their show fits with fails. Get Sirius/XM and you can listen to them. :)
Hi Sally, just got back from Brum - what a great show! Thank you :) x
aah, family :)
cant wait for the movie :) how's puerto rico? lol!
Hi! HB 1 I think. Thought I'd give myself somewhere to go next :)
Watching Torchwood... Gah, I love it :)
had a little tattoo done on the back of my rist today and i love it :) id really like more done
is on myspace and facebook. :)
that's hard for me to do :P lol. so yeah. i'm pretty psyched! :) lol
correction; http://aduygusaylam.wordpress.com :)
Glad 2 hear ur having fun!! :)
lough for me too :)
EVERY ONE KNEW TWITTER ACOUNT
CA1TL1NJAY
ADD THAT ONE :)
dont think its some creepy person
this account has gotten disserted :)
dont doooo it!! :)
selena, you are one of my heros. thank you for everything you doo. :)
Umm demi lovato? You here? Well I just need to tell you one little thing: I LOVE YOU. Kayy thanks :)
I was hoping for a more high tech approach :)
currently, nothing:) no plan of giving stuff away, but that is a great idea. I am interested in getting people to forum
love you selena :)
 I came FROM L.A. to PHX... yes the traffic sux there!   So just practice your calming thoughts and always leave early! :)
oi oi did u hear my interview on Radio one :)!
E os Nespresso? Já foram todos degustados? :)
cant wait for oxegen!!!!!!!!!!! :)
Haha thanks :) i still need to work on that poem. Do you know whitman or dickinson poems? I need help :(
but being a commodity means you're the best :) xoxo
I just made the most kick-a$$ instructional handout EVAR. :)
That makes me think of The Office episode when Phyllis googles 'how to deal with difficult people' because of Angela. hah :)
Have fun with your new internship!  Keep me updated :)
Yummy Pei Wei in my tummy!  5 more minutes to go till I get to stuff myself silly!  :)
Boy you look happy here! :)
Working the tiny bit of butt I have off. But not for long almost time to go to the gym. :)
setting up my account :)
So I'm holding my tiny, playing w/ grace, watching the west wing, on vicodin, eating great food... I could get used to maternity leave :)
:) Glad to share the joy. I took that shot 4 yrs ago and it still cracks -me- up too.
just ate a whole lot of ribs at TGIF with the hubbs :)
feeling excited about life again :)
I'd recommend :)
imi pare rau,dar eu nu pot fara :Pface parte din'being sexy' :Do sa am grija la cabluri,promit.nu as vrea sa ma impiedic p acolo:)
No... not bad... ;) I'm usually ok with being single... but some days.... uggghhh... it's... hard?! :)
great conversation with I cant wait to finally meet him in person one of these days :)
disability and "adult" video games -- thoughts? it's for my SXSW talk -- informal twitter poll! :) email me at hinn@uiuc.edu if you want!
Chicago is pretty cool,....... :) London rocks, sooooooo much to do......
Watching Blah Girls. :)
Lord knows I'm having going through it today... thanks for that Therapy :)
You're saying I should be nicer to Mama Doe then. :)
 You are such a tease!  :)
vision boards are AWESOMELY powerful!! Fantastic for focusing your energy and keeping your eye on the prize at all times! :)
keep ur head up..sorry 2 heard about ur friend..hang in there:)
sitting in 's comfy CM meeting. goin to the Knight's house soon for small group:)
Attending church on twitter would be interesting. Communion might be difficult to share :)
Very good thanks mate! Not a problem we understand you're in high demand :)
My contribution to save the Bewbs is done. :)
Actually, not really..I'm going alone on it..I have a local friend who is offering to help if i need it too ... thanks though :)
So ihr Lieben! Die FH ruft....bzw der Schlaf, den ich dafür benötige. Good night followers :)
Looking for a RedHat Linux SysAdmin with HP proliant server experience. Know anyone? :)
 Thanks man! :)
@daniel.steel haha thanks! :)
It's only 59 - 65 today but it still feels good. :) The sun is strong today!
Creo que mejor me voy al cine :)
 Congrats on apt! V cool place 2 live. Fremont was home 4 several years, so I know your new neighborhood well - or used to :)
there is a simple theme thats way better :) http://twitpic.com/1tsk3 and a grey one
Hey Melvin! Glad you like interviews of #fowa. It's all for http://goLIVEmiami.com  Thank you :)
Hagan torneo de Need For Speed :)
http://twitpic.com/1y68c - haha! very accomplished :)
TX 4 Limo pick up:) Apparently entertainment starts in ride 2 Luxor! Chica I'm sharing ride with Crackin me Up!
Dinner with some dear friends :) Check our blog out for photog workshops!
oh thanks!! I had such a great night last night @ Second City & today I had the coolest chat with on the phone :)
Thanks!  Will share more tomorrow. :)
hehe sorry didn't want to put up a whole screenshot, should be bringing a video and stuff to show you :)
I pity the fool! :)
thankya!!! :) iPhone pic.
haha yes i def will :) and, you dont need to buy it off me, their money is worth next to nothing lol il keep you whatever is left
Vou buscar os meus logs do #portugal da undernet de 1996. São quase tão bons como isto :) #sit
MS convergence day two was amazing! Out on the town in the Big Easy again :)
RT If u r having a bad day I want you to play 'It takes 2' by Rob Base and dance your ass off! I bet you'll feel better! Diddy therapy! :)
Driving down to Linggi - back late evening. Gotta harvest them fruits :)
http://twitpic.com/1zn0m - Aww that's cute :)
Валяюсь на диване, читаю Маркеса. Жизнь удалась! :))
may sound stupid but why do people use '#' in their Tweets? I'm confused. Please someone enlighten me :)
anything is acceptable and beyond judgment when it comes to Reznor :)
Redonne sa chance à twitter :)
came back from tim hortons:)
Chef Remi is about to make an awesome Cream Sauce Shrimp Pasta for her family :)
You're doing wonderfully:) I created a monster!
I'm starting my new job tomorrow :)!
PICS NEEDED!!!!  :)
going to the Pflugerville City Council to discuss the importance of the single stream recycling initiative-Thanks, Lisa :)
incrivel o seu tom materno-poetico para um fato tao nojento... :)
 Count the brackets!   Simple typo.    :)
i am about to meet my friends at the strip cub....why not...who says lap dances are just for guys :)
:)
Now official welcome to  to Twitter :) giiiiiiiiiiirl, you're gonna love it!
thinking in my first LoOvee..! hahaha :)
lol :) much?
I do mostly cute things here. It seems like that's what Im good at :)
... isn't Tinywater's work DELICIOUS?!?  :)  I love the wedding you just posted from them!  Gorgeous!
There's an all night garage. But would require moving... So yeah, at least a primitive teleportation device would be welcome. :)
what's wrong with your car? what kind of work in the D.R. (i'm assuming missionary)? and when do i get to see you?? :)
obrigada. mais uma leitura para a viagem de amanhã :)
 WHAT I DO ALL THE TIME??? LOL :)
HMMMMMMMMMMMMMM????
working out & tennis w. the USC team :)
me too... we should commiserate and go bowling :) Practice for next year's GLB
no they are expensive aren't they. :)
Its a meet-up for tweeps from Montreal. Meet the real people behind the avatars or in your case - meet the doggy :)  #mtltu
Watching mtv . They got me into twitter :)
http://twitpic.com/1zn5z - consentidota que soy.. :)
Feeling much better and getting excited about our upcoming trip to Florida on the weekend :)
so much for the diamond studded phones etc we hear about :)
went to ASU yesterday. and McDonalds. it was lotsa fun! :)
at a roller blades store :)  Just being a blessin'
ty sis! :)
Woehoe #BGGD heeft er een fan/GG in wording bij :) Welkom @Nic_chick. En nu echt slaapwel!
I dont care! :)
Going to bed :) night twitterland
 YES!!!! I drive myself crazy as a perfectionist and I don't even have a job! :) Very anal retentive society is where....
siganle al pobre dice que se siente solito :)
Went to the mall today :)
ja, könnte sein :)
comprendole el regalo a la sobrinita :)
Thanks. :)
Thinks BET should cancel Harlem Heights and shoe the GAME all day :)
just started this account for fun.. we'll see how it goes.
we are currently writing material for a new album.
fun stuff :)
I'll go for the beer then  :)  jk, sounds fun!
U a ronaldo fan too?? I hope he gets to show how good he is again :)
sweet ... that reminds me of some of the streets in Greece :)
yeh, I'm done for the night. Done an almost-complete live mockup. Should be fine for tomorrow :)
i am now following yeahhsazzles :))
deci vei fi vecina mea :))
What a day :). Tue, 10 Mar 2009 19:50:13 -0400
Have had Phil Whickam's song, "Divine Romance" stuck in my head all day. That's a good thing :)
i pretty much love u :) thank u soo much Brittani! My fl girls have really helped me a lot this past month.
i am bored! :)
is changing her mood to a happy, content one. :)
RT @KevinMartineau: "We can always change! :) http://tinyurl.com/ade8vm" Thanks for helpful referral!
It was hard to get ahold of!  Two FYE's around here sold out but I found a copy at a best buy. :)
Thanks :) and just so you know, on your blog, the link to 'Blackle' doesn't seem to work (I want to see it though!)
Back from Mhazz's gig/Driftwood. Good times. Not as drunk as last Tuesday thus no vomit to clean up :) Looking after my beautiful, ill Jemma
how are you gonna top it?? :)
bem, em alternativa sempre poderás pegar no Garcia Marques, ou no Mia Couto. E porque não no Sepúlveda... :)
At boyfriend's house waiting on really delicious tortellini with homemade red sauce. Very excited to have a quite & comfortable night in. :)
Time for this mouse to crawl into bed and get some sleep, too.  Night Night tweeters :) x
You're the best :)
im not supose to tell u but ummm ummmm....   IS EATING GUMMY BEARS!! *hell thank me later:)* 
XxSaBrInAxX
I'm thinking BBQ again. Thinking burgers tonight. Buffalo meat, big sweet onion slices, Sweet Baby Ray's... yum. Flank steak this weekend :)
Seriously "dreamworld" by robin thicke is genious... He is an amazing talent :)
LOL - that's exactly why I haven't gone for it myself, either! :)
YES...I know...I "lovingly" refer to you as his girlfriend :)
Chase the cinnamon rolls with chips. :)
#bloblive That's OK I'll follow the tweets :) sound like a lot of great ideas so far!
Going home -- which is where my temporary live-in boyfriend is making me lasagna :)
haha no! Drew Ryan Scott from Varsity Fanclub :)
biking &gt; bussing :)
Can you verify which is the real chris moyles please, Thank You :) x
(Your Cougar Blip!) :) Aaaah. There's a story there.
Alucinante el corto de Bruce Branit :O La fase de creación del pueblo me recordó mucho a cuando creas objetos en SecondLife :)
I'm working on the same thing :)
http://twitpic.com/1zmim - Nice dinner :)
Thanx for the advice. If you have anyone that wants to be on the ground floor before the product even hits let me know:)
I'm still hungry. I got my laptop back though :) Hard drive failure.
hey thanks for the feedback on my pic. Really appreciated! :)
/me refuses to dance. :)
Nite nite :)
don't tell the authorities on me!! :) i'm substituting with chai & green tea.
lol! Love the gobbledy-gook word, did you come up with that??? I will steal it for my novel:)
RT @AdonyaWong: Too funny & so true! :) RT mojo is like your am-ex...never, ever leave home without it.
Okay:) i'll see you later! I love you too
you're going to the game?! awesome! maybe i'll see you there. :) i'll be the one in the purple shirt, haha
that is so cool! It actually does sound like fun, believe it or not :)
Hell yeah, girl!  :)
Chef dan to you :)  http://twitpic.com/1zna8
is :)
did I not call Paisley eating something not food today?:) lol that's so funny:)
Yes :) My "Beloved friend" is within all hearts, and all are within Him/Her.
just phoned in an order for the vodacious vodizza from the vod deli!  getting my grub on before I hit the bar! :)
:) jobbie heed :):):)
Styling a form :)
Be strong diddy you can do this :)
hooray!. lol. :)
Yup, I am. It's a struggle to convince her of that fact sometimes. Your comment will be appreciated. :)
Time to go home from the office.  Hot tub technician should be finishing up.  Plan is to have a nice *hot* tub for the party on the 13th. :)
obrigado por este bocadinho :)
Talking to Sarah Bandy my bestie :)
- I thought it was obvious!!! I just don't love enough to feed him! :)
not debating over grades, just silly militaristic way of looking at things. Some days I know I go to the wrong uni :)
Thank you! I designed him myself. :)
The Orange is keeping pace with the purple people. :)
tricolul 6 cai :))) ahahahahah http://tinyurl.com/cxchur
You deserve nothing but applause from where I'm sitting, just MHO :)
you're very welcome my friend :)
I've got tons of thin mints, do si do's, and tagalongs if that will work :)  We having grey night this week?
 eu gostei. Achei hilariante :)
Hehe Husband and kiddos are having cheap pizza because I am going to a moms night out. :)
Ack, I meant to say that I have some suggestions :) Color scheme makes me want to go somewhere sunny and green NOW.
hahaha! space kitteh. and thanks! :)
just read the crap you put on twitter wen I'm not here. At least wen directed at me your philosophical twoosh is between friends :)
Using Amortize:  $obj = new NicenerdForm(); $obj-&gt;attribs($_POST); $obj-&gt;save();  :)
Over 50% of Surreal CMS users prefer Firefox.  IE - 36%.  Safari - 9.6%.  Chrome - 2.10%.  Opera - 1.38%.  Our clients rock :)
looking for summer work in hot springs. if anyone knows anything or has any leads, let me know. :)
clarisse crying to me is so cute :)
hey selena could you please reply back? ive always wanted to have a conversation w/ you bc you seem so cool & down to earth :)
Lisening to This Century :)
I love that movie... and I DO have it on DVD. :)
He loves jack :)
Updated my background without Ashley's OR Chloe's permission :)
http://twitpic.com/1r4pu - HOPE YER ALL PROUD OF YERSELVES, COS YA SHOULD BE!!! :)
well holding on 2 my last night of freedom things are g2 be changing after 2moro night...hope all goes well :)
Ha, I bet.  :)
im baby shopping with my cousin whitney :)
Well I don't know I'm guessing it has to do with you, what? :)
I do, so far the stuff I twitter and the right person for it haven't met up yet.  But they will, I have faith :)
woow unas buenas noticias ... :) x5
